Crude oil prices rose to $37,80 per barrel.
Oracle released a confidential document.
Strong sales for iTunes in Europe.
Companies selling genetically modified foods don&apos;t need labels.
Coffee drinking has health benefits.
Fiber improves blood sugar control.
Dodgers lose first game ever at Fenway.
Singapore scientists reveal that SARS virus has undergone genetic changes.
Rock band Phish holds final concert in Vermont.
Denmark and Sweden tie.
translator kidnapped in Iraq.
translator kidnapped in Iraq.
Mexicans continue to illegally cross border.
Green card is now difficult to receive.
British servicemen detained.
It takes longer to get green card.
Coal stocks rise.
British servicemen detained.
Coal stocks rise.
Anorexia becomes common in males.
California driver&apos;s licenses granted to illegal immigrants.
South Korea continues to send troops.
Clinton&apos;s book is a big seller.
private spaceship launches.
Dow Jones is down.
Private spaceship launches.
Lakers win the championship.
African polio outbreak feared.
Wal-Mart sued for sexual discrimination.
African polio outbreak feared.
U,S, Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage.
U,S, Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage.
prime minister targeted for assassination.
prime minister targeted for assassination.
Wal-Mart faces a sex-discrimination suit.
US withdraws war crimes.
Iranian chemical weapons threaten United States.
American accused of espionage.
American accused of espionage.
Daily telegraph is sold.
Daily telegraph is sold.
baby elephant born.
baby elephant born.
skin cancer numbers increase.
bee stings can be fatal.
Disneyland has accident.
The capital of Somalia is Mogadishu.
The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as Hamas.
Hebron is located 20 miles south of Jerusalem.
The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
La Scala opera house is located in Milan, Italy.
&quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; is a song by Nirvana.
The Italian Prime Minister is Silvio Berlusconi.
Edvard Munch painted &quot;The Scream&quot;.
The abbreviation GIA stands for Armed Islamic Group.
John J, Famalaro is accused of having killed Denise A, Huber.
Ross Perot ran for president in 1992.
The Japanese Prime Minister is Morihiro Hosokawa.
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy is another name for the &quot;mad cow disease&quot;.
Ayrton Senna had the accident that caused his death at the San Marino Grand Prix.
Elijah Muhammad founded the Nation of Islam.
The Gulf War was fought in 1991.
Charlton Heston played the title role in the movie &quot;Ben-Hur&quot;.
Shapour Bakhtiar died in 1991.
&quot;Beatrice and Benedict&quot; is an overture by Berlioz.
Larry Lawrence is the head of the U,S, Embassy in Switzerland.
Deng Xiaoping is 90 years old.
Grozny is the capital of Chechnya.
Vitas Gerulaitis died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo died in 1993.
The Pribilof Islands are located in the Bering Sea.
Clinton&apos;s wife is called Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The previous name of Ho Chi Minh City was Saigon.
Jack Kevorkian is the real name of &quot;Dr, Death&quot;.
The UCLA/Hammer Museum is directed by Henry Hopkins.
Gene Bartow coaches Alabama Birmingham.
Tom Glavine plays for the Atlanta Braves.
&quot;Smash&quot; is the title of the third album of the Offspring.
Stalin deported 800,000 Chechens.
Rudolph Scharping is a member of the Social Democrats.
The film &quot;WarGames&quot; was shot in 1983.
The coastline of Santa Monica Bay is 50 miles long.
The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776.
Rick Dinon is the senior vice president of 20th Century Insurance Co.
Guillermo Ortiz was born in Mexico.
Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in 1947.
Giovanni Agnelli is the president of Fiat.
Bosnia is located in the former Yugoslavia.
Radovan Karadzic is the leader of Bosnia.
Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea.
Kim Il Sung&apos;s son is called Kim Jong Il.
Luc Jouret was the leader of the Order of the Solar Temple.
The International Conference on Population and Development was held in Cairo.
GATT was formed in 1947.
910 passengers died in the &quot;Estonia&quot; shipwreck.
The Estonia sank south of Uto island.
Last year, the tally was 148.
A body has been found by U, S, military police.
Fallujah and Baqubah are Iraqi cities.
Ghazi al-Yawar is Iraq&apos;s new president.
Arroyo has experience as an economist and as a government manager.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index dropped.
Ingushetia&apos;s capital is Nazran.
25 of the dead were civilians.
The Mona Lisa is in France.
A gorilla escaped from his cage in a zoo in Germany.
Clonaid has cloned 13 babies.
George W, Bush entered the US presidency 3 years ago.
Scientists can determine whether an embryo has genetic illnesses or is a carrier of them.
There have been many new subscribers to Vodafone in Japan in the past few months.
There is a new U, S, law that bans e-mail.
Peter Voser has worked for Shell in the past.
Turkey plays host to suicide bombers.
Terrorist kidnaps dozens of Iraqis.
Some of the gunmen showed loyalty to Baquba&apos;s group.
Roh Moo-hyun asked the BAI to kidnap a South Korean in Iraq.
A South Korean in Iraq was killed by Muslim militants.
Microsoft won&apos;t offer increased storage to its users.
Microsoft will provide free anti-virus protection.
Shareholders approved expansion for one year.
Workers strike in response to Norwegian employers&apos; threats.
Wal-Mart faces allegations for underpaying employees.
Ashley Olsen plans a trip to Australia with Mary-Kate.
The Olsen twins star in &quot;New York Minute,&quot;.
Most tours only sell 60 percent of the tickets.
A woman passionately wanted to watch the soccer championship.
A man was stabbed because of a soccer game.
Draft experts draft eight international players.
Michael Melvill guided more than 100 rocket-ships above the Earth.
Two conservation groups have increased the black rhino population.
The team studies hibernating mammals in Germany.
Comdex launches trade shows for 20 years.
Los Vegas hosted the Comdex trade show for 20 years.
The patent abstract shows a number of devices using a single source.
Linksys and Aironet begin legal action against a Canadian company.
Users were unaware of the modem connections&apos; redirection.
Complaints arose in the organisation about users who redirect their modem connections.
The Supreme Court decided that only judges can impose the death sentence.
In Johannesburg, activists complained that Bush spent billions of dollars on the global fight against AIDS instead of on war.
Over 2 million people died of AIDS last year.
Breast milk may help fight cervical cancer.
Microsoft&apos;s Hotmail has raised its storage capacity to 250MB.
Saddam Hussein was being treated as a dignitary.
Salesforce shares were more than 50% above their offering price of $17,20.
Salesforce,com started trading under the symbol &quot;CRM,&quot;.
Young women are binge drinking more, which can lead to the health risk of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Zebras depend on the Ugab wetlands.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in £3,2m.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3,2 million pounds.
Proceeds go to Hepburn&apos;s family.
Proceeds go to Hepburn&apos;s family.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £174,000.
Hepburn, who won four Oscars, died last June aged 96.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £180,447.
The highest-selling item was a bronze bust made by Hepburn in the 1960s of her actor lover Spencer Tracy.
Hepburn&apos;s diamond and sapphire brooch fetched $120,000.
Nichols was sentenced to life in prison for the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building.
The state charges against Nichols are for 160 victims and one victim&apos;s fetus.
A U,S, citizen working in Riyadh has been kidnapped after a colleague in the same company was shot dead yesterday.
Apathy clouds EU voting.
Nearly 350 million people were eligible to vote since the EU took in 10 new members on May 1.
Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy .
On Friday,Sharon fired Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman.
The U,S, Army agreed to a request from the local governor to keep US troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf.
Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles on the road to Baghdad&apos;s international airport.
Five US soldiers were killed and five wounded on Friday in an ambush near the Shi&apos;ite neighbourhood Sadr City.
Out of an old bulldozer, Heemeyer built a concrete box that no police bullet could penetrate.
Police found four weapons - a ,50-calibre rifle, two military style assault rifles and a handgun in the vehicle.
Heemeyer had installed television cameras connected to three monitors so he could see where he was going.
Stanford Cardinal were defeated by Long Beach State, 7-4.
The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honoured with a 21-gun salute.
Reagan died of pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer&apos;s disease.
Reagan survived an attempted assassin&apos;s bullets.
John W, Hinckley Jr, shot Reagan in the chest.
Desko&apos;s Orange beat Navy 14-13 on Monday for the Division I title in men&apos;s lacrosse.
Monica Meadows, 23, was shot in shoulder while riding a subway car in New York City.
Oil prices this Tuesday surged to an all-time high in New York, at 42 dollars a barrel, 1,92 dollars a barrel more than last Friday.
Crude oil futures surged to an all-time high in New York Tuesday, at 42 dollars a barrel.
Gamelan music, in which percussion instruments are key, and shadow-puppet shows are popular in Jakarta.
The city hall is a museum now.
In the Old City are the old port, the Dutch town hall, and a square.
The Kota is the country&apos;s business center.
The Istiqlal Mosque is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.
The parts of Jakarta away from the coast are on slightly higher land.
Jakarta is easily flooded during the rainy season.
Formerly ( until 1949 ) Batavia, Jakarta is largest city and capital of Indonesia.
Warsaw remained Poland&apos;s capital after the war.
Disease, starvation, and overcrowding caused thousands to perish before deportations to the Nazi death camps, especially to Treblinka, began in late 1941.
In 1611 the king and his court finally moved from Krakow ( Cracow ) to Warsaw, making it the capital of the Polish state.
In the Old Town, the Gothic St , John&apos;s Cathedral and the red-brick fortifications known as the Barbican remain from the medieval period.
Sigismund made Warsaw the capital of Poland in 1611.
One of the first organized settlements on the site, though, was the Roman fortress of Aquincum.
There are numerous underground hot springs that contain radium and other minerals, and, since Roman times, bathers have sought them out for their supposed healing properties.
To the south is Gellert Hill, which features the 19th-century Citadel.
Pest is on the opposite, east bank.
Buda is located on the west bank of the Danube.
Budapest consists of two principal parts that were merged in 1873.
Aristide became president of Haiti in 1990.
Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Aristide seized power in 1991.
Port-au-Prince is in Haiti.
Transfer of power in Iraq on June 30.
The United Nations officialy transferred power to Iraq.
The transfer of power took place in Baghdad.
Guerrillas killed a civilian.
100 people were injured.
police officer killed.
Guerrillas attacked government buildings.
Movil Access appoints Gustavo Guzman as CFO.
Movil Access appoints Jose Luis Riera as CFO.
Sachin Lawande Named VP of Engineering Services at QNX.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) appoints Stefano Falconi as chief financial officer.
Brent Frei quits ceo position.
Mark Allen is appointed as chief operating officer.
C&amp;D Technologies acquired Datel Inc.
Datel acquired C&amp;D Technologies.
Asian financial crisis takes over Ssangyong Motor.
The Pentagon reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircrafts.
An official source in the American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States &quot;for consultation&quot; because of the bombings on Iraq .
An official source for Caritas announced today in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, (excluding Saddam Hospital, which is the biggest hospital in Iraq,) were hit in the American-British shelling of Baghdad.
Reports from an Iraqi official today, Saturday, said that the 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad .
The funeral procession had been directed to the UNDP headquarters in Baghdad, where signs denouncing Americans as &quot;enemies of God,&quot; were seen.
Baghdad announced the complete halt in their cooperation with UNSCOM, and said also, that it will ask them to leave.
This poll was carried out on the 6th and 7th of October, and included a segment of 861 people with a margin of error estimated at 4%.
Although 58% of Americans are unsatisfied with Clinton&apos;s job performance, 44% found Nixon&apos;s work adequate at the start of the Watergate scandal.
Boise to acquire OfficeMax.
The Yellowstone Park Foundation would like to acknowledge and thank the following organizations for their generous support.
Ostriches bury their heads in the sand.
Insurance companies cover prescription drugs.
Representatives of the 142 member countries of the World Trade Organization will gather in Doha, Qatar, next Friday.
Police gather clues in double assassination.
Volunteers gather baseline data.
Bush and Putin urge Iran to give up nuclear ambitions.
Iran hands over al Qaeda members.
Actress Minnie Driver gives up Hollywood for Cambodian sweat shop.
Click here to go back to the login page.
Weapons inspectors will go back to Iraq.
Wales to host 2010 Ryder Cup.
The K Club will host the 2006 Ryder Cup.
Teacher wins right to market Harry Potter.
There was a magnitude 7 earthquake on the Hayward fault.
Hussein gives UN inspectors unfettered access.
Muslims are monotheistic.
Jews and Christians pray as Muslims do.
Christians pray the rosary.
Muslims pray at the mosque.
The mosque is a place of worship for Muslims.
It is incorrect to assert that circumcision prevents HIV infection.
Teens who are depressed are much more at risk of attempting suicide than other teens.
The government of Ecuador aims to prevent trafficking in persons.
Babylon surrendered to Cyrus without going to battle.
Family Court cannot punish the guilty.
I read &quot;Punished by Rewards&quot; by Alfie Kohn.
Cyrus issued a declaration in 538 that would allow the Jews to go back to their homeland.
American Airlines will recall hundreds of flight attendants.
18 states have provisions that permit women who quit their jobs because of domestic violence to collect unemployment insurance.
California voters dumped Gov, Gray Davis and replaced him with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The prevailing party shall recover attorney fees.
The prevailing party may not recover attorney fees.
In the event of a disaster you could use Texas Data Recovery and you will have the capability to restore lost data.
Legal costs to recover punitive damages are a deductible business expense.
The Heads of state expressed their deep concern at the fast and continuing degradation of the environment, including extensive destruction of forests, in the South Asian region.
Swedish massage loosens tense muscles.
Traditional Balinese massage is a therapy where pushing techniques predominate.
Moore now has the commandments plaque posted in his office.
Our substances remove stains.
Moore had the monument installed before he became Chief Justice.
The United States threatened the &quot;severest consequences&quot; if Iraq were to use chemical or biological weapons against the United States, destroy Kuwaiti oil fields or participate in terrorism.
The Japanese seized Manchuria in 1931, and began a war against China in 1937.
Microsoft would spend 500 million dollars.
Ottawa promises more money to upgrade the literacy levels and skills of natives and high school dropouts.
More money in the hands of consumers means more money can be spent to get the economy going.
Cardinal Law returns from Rome with plans to stay in Boston.
U,N, weapons inspectors could stay in Iraq, Clinton said.
The British government banned flights to Kenya.
North Korea has announced its withdrawal from liaison meetings with United States military officers.
Vitamin E can prevent heart disease.
Albright said that to punish Saddam Hussein, the deaths of those children were &quot;worth it,&quot;.
Doug Lawrence sold the impressionist oil landscape by J, Ottis Adams.
Polish troops confiscated Warheads.
Mitsubishi sales rose 46 percent.
Owners announced plans to sell clean-up equipment.
Americans hope to help Evans Paul in the election for mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Aristide had Prime Minister Robert Malval  murdered in Port-au-Prince.
Aristide is due to live at Port-au-Prince again.
The International Olympic Commitee&apos;s head office is in Lillehammer.
Staten Island ferry captain has refused to talk with investigators.
In the late 1980s Budapest became the center of the reform movement.
It&apos;s unclear whether Wednesday&apos;s twist will affect the timing of Google&apos;s initial public offering.
Al-Jazeera has occasionally run into problems with authorities in other Arab countries.
The latest findings contradict a California study that implicated regular pot smoking as having markedly higher risks for head and neck cancers.
Kessler&apos;s team interviewed more than 60,000 adults in 14 countries.
The gunman is described as a white male in his 30s with a medium build, shoulder-length blonde hair and an unkempt appearance.
Mitarai&apos;s body was found by a teacher after her killer returned to their classroom covered in blood.
Television footage showed several levels of the multi-level supermarket covered in soot, including the lower level parking garage.
Annual rate increase of 3% in second quarter much lower than forecasts.
Intel would raise the clock speed of the company&apos;s flagship Pentium 4 processor to 4 GHz.
Not since 1972 has an Australian woman been named Miss Universe.
The city continued to grow, but its services deteriorated.
Warsaw was invaded by the Swedes in 1655, and the city was devastated.
A car bomb exploded outside a U,S, military base near Beiji.
Reagan&apos;s economic strategy led to huge federal budget deficits.
Budapest was once popularly known as the &quot;Queen of the Danube,&quot;.
Vanunu&apos;s disclosures in 1968 led experts to conclude that Israel has a stockpile of nuclear warheads.
Two South Africans were arrested in Pakistan in the past week after a shoot-out at a house between al-Qaeda operatives and security forces.
Meadows appeared in a &quot;Law &amp; Order&quot; episode which aired in January.
Monica Meadows is in stable condition.
They saw an eagle perched on a cactus eating a serpent.
Mr Smith entered his guilty plea to 11 counts of manslaughter and also to lying to investigators about his medical history, under an agreement reached with prosecutors.
The Golden Flyers set a school record with 16 victories.
The ferry taking commuters from Manhattan to Staten Island crashed into a pier.
Rozsa Hill lies north of Castle Hill.
There are many benefits from breast-feeding.
The AU said it may send a 2 000-strong peacekeeping force.
Smoking marijuana does not increase the risk of developing oral cancer.
Jakarta lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of the island of Java.
The four Jordanian hostages, kidnapped about a week ago, were freed.
The GDP was a disappointing report.
Currently the share of natural gas in Israel&apos;s energy system amounts to no more than one percent.
Despite rumors, the British Home Office denied any specific threat had been made to target Heathrow airport.
For HIV-positive mothers, the decision about whether or not to breastfeed a child can be difficult.
Saudi Arabia was boosting its own production.
The city&apos;s motto is, appropriately, &quot;Contemnit procellas&quot; ( &quot;It defies the storms&quot;).
Mark Hacking was booked into the Salt Lake County Jail on Monday.
Some 30 million shares have been assigned to the company&apos;s workers.
Xochimilco is a popular tourist attraction because of its chinampas, or floating gardens.
A delay for Google&apos;s IPO would push the deal later into a month that is traditionally light on IPO volume.
Gansas&apos; attorneys have said that rule was not communicated to ferry staff.
Yesterday&apos;s terrorist bombings killed two people at the entrance to the Israeli Embassy in Uzbekistan&apos;s capital.
The possibility of an attack began with the arrest of Naeem Noor Khan.
Industry, retail stores, finance, and communications are all centered in the capital.
Mr Vanderford said he filmed his own mock execution in a friend&apos;s garage to show how the media could be fooled.
Reagan almost died on March 30, 1981, when would-be assassin John W, Hinckley Jr, shot him.
Jennifer Hawkins is Australia&apos;s 21-year-old  beauty queen.
Philip Green tries to take over Marks &amp; Spencer.
Colombia&apos;s education minister has been kidnapped by Marxist rebels.
CBS newsman Harry Reasoner was born in Iowa.
The UN Agency for International Development is an organisation based in Madagascar.
Bosch lives in Venezuela.
65 countries take part in the Lillehammer Olympic Games.
Queen Victoria was born in 1901.
Dayton is located in Ohio.
Revival tries to take over Marks &amp; Spencer Group.
Sirhan Sirhan killed Kennedy.
Air Force is an organisation based in Southern California.
George Bush is the president of the European Commission.
Rome is located in Lazio province.
U,N, officials take part in a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval.
Charlton Heston was born in Illinois.
A Filipino man has been kidnapped by gunmen.
Tennessee Tech is an organisation based in Cookville.
Duane Hanson was born in Minnesota.
Oil prices rise.
Madonna was born in Bay City, Mich.
John Wilkes Booth killed President Abraham Lincoln.
Oil prices rise.
Haiti&apos;s only democratic presidential election took place in 1990.
Sonia Gandhi is defeated by BJP.
James Marvin Forsgren killed Pamela Sue Rimer.
Sofia is located in Britain.
Aristide kills Prime Minister Robert Malval.
Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Jesse Jackson was born in South Carolina.
Evans Paul is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Sirhan Bishara Sirhan killed Sen, Robert F, Kennedy.
Crude oil prices rise.
France participates in Euro 2004.
James Hahn is a member of the Automobile Club of Southern California.
Mark David Chapman killed Lennon.
Mr Dean is the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
Communist China is an organisation based in Beijing and Washington.
Microsoft was established in 1991.
P, Prayong is a member of Theravada.
HIV-positive visitors take part in the 15th International AIDS Conference.
Canada participates in the G8 summit.
China is a member of the U,N, Security Council.
Mr Green tries to take over Marks &amp; Spencer.
Hans Blix is the director general of IAEA.
The U,S, chose Paul Bremer as new governor of Iraq.
Microsoft was established in June 1998.
EU leaders take part in an EU-Japan summit.
Romani Prodi is the US President.
The Anzio beachhead is located 33 miles south of Rome.
Crude oil rises.
White House ignored the threat of attack.
Weapons of Mass Destruction Found in Iraq.
Pedophile gets life in prison.
In winter most tourists to Eilat come from Europe.
Russian forces vulnerable to guerrilla fighters.
Weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
France still maintains Ecu is the best denomination for the Maastricht single-currency,
Hippopotamus attacks human.
Acid attacks are carried out on women.
Atkins diet is associated with increased risk conditions.
U,S, to use Turkish military bases.
Demonstrations against G8 Summit took place at Sea Island bay.
Scripps Hospital assists surfing accident victims.
Language skills are a means of social integration.
Weapons of mass destruction found in Iraq.
Immunity for soldiers renewed.
The council is prohibited to travel outside of Haiti by military officers.
Three scholars shared a Nobel Prize for their studies about the game theory.
A request was reduced to $1,1 billion.
Swedish prime minister murdered.
Baghdad will end it&apos;s cooperation with UNSCOM, and wants them to leave.
The 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad.
The Yemen branch of the &quot;Islamic Jihad&quot; group, kidnapped the 16 Western tourists.
The delegations may only speak periodically to the press, in order to concentrate on the issues.
The Attorney, said at the funeral, &quot;They were all Iraqis killed during the brutal shelling,&quot;.
The scientists had thought that all explosions gamma the ray have a standard energy.
Crude the light American lowered to the closing 1,32 dollars, to 42,83 dollars the barrel.
The Commission accused the ANC of violence, executions and human rights violations.
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee Charles Duelfer said, &quot;we hope to end Iraq&apos;s resolution,&quot;.
The jurisdiction of the case was queried by the Prime Minister and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Nizar HAMDOON, Iraqi ambassador to the United Nations, announced that thousands of people could be killed or wounded due to the aerial bombardment of Iraq.
Ecevit was unable to form the government due to a lack of support.
CNN reported that officials at the Pentagon said that President Clinton is obligated to stop the shelling on Iraq .
U,S, consumer spending dived in June.
The Commission investigated 200 people and oragnisations, before charging them, in order to prevent them from responding prior to the official release of the report.
The Chilean government affirming that as a member of the Senate, Pinochet has diplomatic immunity.
The three countries argued that UE, one of the greater exporter of the world, infringed the rules of the OMC when exceeding the limit of the subsidies to the exports indicated under the Agreement on Agriculture of the OMC in 1994.
Wilson uses some 120 persons in Iraq, 40 of whom are inspectors.
According to the poll, 65% of Americans believe that Clinton should be removed from office.
Candidates are entertaining voters in their homes.
It could lead to thousands of job losses.
Investigators discovered that a series of illicit arrests of were often followed by disappearances or murders and were preceded by torture.
South American countries are preparing for &quot;Mitch&quot;.
Clinton told the two sides that he would publicly announce their failure to agree, thereby pressurising them.
UNSCOM is to stay in Iraq.
Libya&apos;s leader Colonel Muammar Qaddafi arrived in Tunisia at the invitation of President Zine El Abidine Bin Ali.
Voting will take place in the American House of Representatives today, on the President Clinton-Monica Lewinsky scandal.
58% of Americans are unsatisfied with Clinton&apos;s job performance.
There is a state of maximum emergency in Guatemala because of the hurricane.
Yemen&apos;s Islamic Jihad group was set up by old Afgan warriors in 1992.
The position of Greenspan has propped up the predictions that the Fed will gradually elevate the east interest rates year.
With the opening of the Palestinian airport, Royal Moroccan Airlines will fly between Casablanca and Gaza.
Eddeh calls for an extension to Al-Hrawi&apos;s presidency, saying that he should resign after the withdrawal of the Israeli and Syrian forces,&quot;.
Both candidates are delivering a great attack in Iowa.
Slavkov, defendant in the scandal of Salt Lake but that later was exculpated, in fact said that Takatch.
Caritas announced that several Iraqi hospitals, (excluding Saddam Hospital,) were hit in the shelling of Baghdad.
It was like removing the lottery.
Syria has 30,000 soldiers in 60% of Lebanon, and Israel controls an area in the south of 850 square kms.
Ramadan announced that Iraq will not cooperate with the inspectors.
Mohammed Said AL-SAHAF met with the ambassadors and briefed them on Iraq&apos;s diplomacy directives.
BBC undercover reporters, posing as consultants acting for London businessmen, ask Slavkov.
The American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States about the bombings on Iraq.
The television network &quot;CNN&quot;, quoting sources in the American Ministry of Defence, revealed that the bombing of Iraq might end this week.
The cost of the consumer of the United States fell in June.
The Croatian and the Asian-American, Michael Chang (number two) will play eachother, and hopefully popularise the game in their native countries.
Iraq demands the lifting of the embargo and changes in the committee.
Drummondville contains the girl.
The report analyzes 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.
The witness rescued Rodriguez.
The charges were denied by his family.
Alcohol has an effect on violent crimes.
Blair is sympathetic to anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.
Protesters confiscated anti-American banners and chanted slogans attacking U,N, Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his close alignment with U,S, policy.
Ten missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI are uncovered in the report.
The report blames intelligence agencies.
A threat to the world would have arisen from Iraq.
The burning backpack contained plastic pipes packed with gunpowder and BBs.
Blair is sorry for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.
Profits nearly doubled from nearly $1,8 billion.
Iraq would have constituted a threat to the world.
Five other soldiers have been refused to face courts-martial.
The prosecutor told the court that &quot;distress&quot; in one of the children is associated with the incident.
Bomb-sniffing dogs were estimated at Rodriguez&apos;s Mulberry St, apartment.
Rich and poor nations crashed into a historic deal on Sunday.
Relatives of a missing woman and her husband cancelled a volunteer search for the woman.
Kerry shot Bush.
A matching fingerprint was excavated from the strap.
Saudi Arabia is a key U,S, ally.
Quebec woman murdered a four-year-old girl.
A witness rescued Rodriguez.
The Osaka World Trade Center is the tallest building in Japan.
Broadway is in New York.
&quot;Before the Rain&quot; and &quot;Vive L&apos;Amour&quot; won the Golden Lion.
Microsoft was established in fall of 1997.
Afghanistan was invaded by the Soviet Union in 1979.
The Internet browser Mosaic was created at the San Francisco Marriott hotel.
Microsoft was established in 1989.
Silvio Berlusconi is in Forza Italia.
The Apollo astronauts waved the American flag on the moon in 1969.
Lin Piao was the Chinese Communist Party leader.
The slender tower is the tallest building in Japan.
EuroDisney is located in this magical kingdom.
The Ebola virus has been found in Zaire.
Hoover is the president of Stanford University.
The world population is 5,6 billion.
Qatar is located in Doha.
Crimea became part of Ukraine in 1954.
EuroDisney is located nearby National Children&apos;s Homes.
Richard Branson&apos;s cola is called Virgin Cola.
EuroDisney is located in the various parks.
Wu Yi is the Foreign Trade Minister of China.
James Woolsey is the director of the CIA.
The Hutu and Tutsi groups fought in Rwanda.
Prince Charles and Princess Diana got married in August 1997.
Norway hosted the Winter Olympic Games.
EuroDisney is located in the charming city of Magny-Le-Hongre.
AZT is an AIDS treatment.
The World Cup final was held in Pasadena.
Jacqueline B, Wender is the President of Stanford University.
The Estonia set sail from Tallinn.
Audrey Hepburn starred in &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany&apos;s&quot;.
Qatar is located in Shahaniya.
Yoko Ono was John Lennon&apos;s wife.
Renzo Piano is an architect.
The population of Ulan Bator is 4,000.
Jupiter has Twelve moons.
Communist control in Hungary ended in 1948.
TMGO is the tallest building in Japan.
Christopher Yavelow is the queen of Holland.
The Vatican City is in Rome.
The European Union is made up of 25 nations.
Merrill Lynch &amp; Co, and Smith Barney are now a unit of Citigroup.
A spokesman for Scotland Yard was freed yesterday.
The U,S, light crude is $1,27 a barrel.
A three-year-old was killed in a rocket attack.
Female binge drinking rose 13 percent in three years.
Eight people planted two bombs near an Islamic school in Pakistan.
Harvey Weinstein is the co-chairman of Miramax.
Opening day of the stock of Salesforce,com rose 56,4% over the initial offering price.
Perry Farrel hopes to found another music festival.
A summit between Europe and Japan is taking place in the Japanise capital.
The first heart transplant in Britian was performed in 1979.
Dead dolphins, turtles and whales have been found on African beaches.
The &quot;grandmother hypothesis&quot; suggests that infertile women are very important for raising children.
The kidnappers paid compensation to the victims of the U,S.
EU nations&apos; citizens protest against punishment for unemployment.
Wal-Mart complains about negative publicity.
Regan was almost assassinated in 1981.
Abu Eisa al-Hindi is the father of Abu Eisa al-Hindi.
AT&amp;T blames a court decision that will cause higher prices.
Infertile women cannot produce children.
Infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing, according to the &quot;grandmother hypothesis&quot;.
There was a fire in Alaska.
The SEC&apos;s new rule will give boards independence.
Norwegian employers caused oil prices to rise.
Male fertility may be affected by use of a mobile phones.
EU leaders found an agreement about a candidate to the post of European commission president.
Saginaw police mistakenly went to the wrong house in response to a complaint.
Independence Day was a popular movie.
Medicare will choose 10 percent of applicants to receive benefits by Aug, 16.
The terrorist may have caused suicide attacks and kidnappings.
Toshiba has no moving parts.
Ciancio was hospitalized for speaking to the baby.
Industries were defeated by the SEC.
The Freedom Tower will be the world&apos;s tallest building.
The judge approves of sex-discrimination.
Citizens of the 25 EU nations are punished by their governments for everything.
between 19 and 32 men are being held at Paddington Green high security police station in central London.
Al-Jazeera is an Arabic-language television network.
A lawsuit was filed against Wal-Mart.
Jessica Litman is a law professor.
Ralph Fiennes will play Harry Potter in the next movie.
Willesden will appear before Horseferry Road magistrates&apos; court today.
13 men killed in co-ordinated anti-terrorism raids across the country last Tuesday.
Suncreams designed for children protect at the level they advertise.
Medicare will start paying users $500 million.
A doctor was killed by his parents.
Time Warner is the world&apos;s largest company.
Kerry watched fireworks.
Cheney cursed at Sen, Patrick Leahy.
More than four million people have remained stubbornly unemployed in the last three years.
42 people killed in Karachi bomb attack.
egina Shueller works for Italy's La Repubblica newspaper.
hmedinejad was attacked by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
ustice Carlos Valencia was killed on 28 July.
ashington is part of London.
he city of Madras is located in Southern India.
n attempt on Andres Pastrana's life was carried out using a powerful bomb.
2 million people live in Germany.
aolo Maldini plays for Reggina.
our people were injured by a grenade.
ilson was awarded the Pulitzer Prize.
,2 million Muslims live in Germany.
andy Quevillon is employed at the University of South Dakota.
hmadinejad attacked the UN Security Council.
rsenal lost to Birmingham.
 patrol car was attacked by the San Carlos Battalion.
everal honorary consuls were kidnapped on 4 May 88.
ocial Christian People's Movement was attacked by FMLN.
hil Wittmann works for Tom Benson.
appy Madison works for the company owned by Sandler.
icolas Cage's son is called Kal-el.
hristopher Hill works for the US, .
ntonio Fazio works for the Bank of Italy.
erardo Olivos Silva is a member of the Maoist terrorist organization Shining Path.
inda Johnson is married to Charles.
ector Oqueli Colindres comes from El Salvador.
ric Clapton is in business with Les Paul.
oshiba Corp,'s headquarters is in Japan.
ilda Swinton plays the part of the White Witch.
ugene W, Weaver is the husband of Patricia Amy.
enastras was attacked by FMLN.
ob Lawrence works for The Les Paul Legacy.
arabundo Marti National Liberation Front is accused of an attack on Merino's home.
he Salvadoran Armed Forces Soldiers murdered three Salvadoran citizens.
ack Straw is a partner of Celso Amorim.
he International Atomic Energy Agency holds a meeting in Vienna.
wo people were wounded by a bomb.
icolas Cage's new son was awarded an Oscar.
lson is a member of the Fed board.
alero Energy Corp, is the owner of Port Arthur refinery.
lark is employed at General Sessions Court.
ilar is the mother of Schneider.
hmadinejad is a TIME magazine journalist.
inostroza's children attaked their mother with a gun.
alero Energy Corp, caused damages to Port Arthur refinery, .
teve Jobs worked for Apple.
ick McNeil was an employee of Bush.
oyuz spacecraft were built by Russia.
he diameter of Pluto measures 1,500 miles, .
n interpreter worked for Afghanistan.
ustice Carlos Valencia was killed in Colombia.
ernandez works for FEMA.
ntibiotics are used against peptic ulcer.
oeing is a subsidiary of Airbus SAS.
queli was a member of the Socialist party.
 chemical attack took place at the Las Vegas Convention Center and the Strip, .
ales of existing homes raised 7,8%.
wo bank branches were attacked with dynamite.
ohnny Stomponato starred in Fatal Attraction.
age played Superman.
uis was killed by the capos of the mafia, .
anchester was beaten by Everton.
arc Allen Connelly worked for SCI.
ean Charles de Menezes is related to Alex Pereira.
,D,E, is the owner of Oracle.
ancy Vine is in business with Donald and Dorothy LeGros.
liza May hired Helena Brighton.
igh-velocity clouds are made up of hydrogen.
,000 settlers are employed by Israel.
oward is a political representative of Australia.
eutsche Telekom sold T-Mobile USA.
chsner Foundation Hospital is located in New Orleans.
elson Beaver is staff at Carolina Analytical Laboratories.
ddy Curry was acquired by the Bulls.
icrosoft Corp, is a competitor of Toshiba Corp.
inisters of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations work for ASEAN.
he H, pylori produces sulphur compounds.
ntonio Fazio is subordinate to Jean-Claude Trichet.
aspars Ruklis works for the United States Embassy.
hmadinejad is a citizen of Iran.
,C, Milan lost to Reggina.
ohn Traynor is an executive of Microsoft.
habo Mbeki is a citizen of Cote d'Ivoire.
rs, Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf is the leader of Unity party.
evin Whitaker is a manager of the Department of State.
he Sun workstation was created by Bechtlsheim.
eah does business with his opponents.
raig Conway works for Oracle.
3% of the atmosphere is made up by oxygen.
ighway 18 Outdoor Theatre is located in Wisconsin Dells.
drian Lyne is the director of &quot;Indecent Proposal&quot;.
he six U,S, soldiers were residents in Afghanistan.
im Tracy was fired by Paul DePodesta.
resident Laurent Gbagbo lives in C?te d'Ivoire.
ix Jesuits were killed by civilians.
ita caused damages to seven refineries located in Lake Charles, La, .
he temperature of the Cosmic Microwave Background is 2,7 kelvins.
icholas Cage is married to Alice Kim Cage.
mriti Kana Saha is a resident of Ranjat village.
awlavi Waqifi lived in the southeastern province of Khost.
our people were assassinated by the pilot.
roadhurst Theatre is located in New York.
arabundo Marti National Liberation Front is suspected of the assassination of six Jesuit priests.
luto was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh.
outheast Asian ministers' meeting is held in Laos.
he coalition is coordinated by the U,S.
artin works for the Ochsner Foundation Hospital.
ew Orleans Saints are property of Tom Benson.
 FEMA team is based in California.
he Milky Way measures 2,000 light-years across.
he officers belong to Sir Ian Blair's family.
iena was beaten by A,S, Roma.
elena Brighton is a clerk of the Texas Funeral Services Commission.
irgin Radio was the employer of Chris Evans.
avin Newsom is a politician of San Francisco.
obert Waltrip works for the Bush family.
aime Pardo Leal was killed in Moscow.
ilda Flores was kidnapped on the 13th of January 1990.
ord is part of the automobile industry.
anuel Antonio Rugama was killed by Jose Jesus Pena.
lan Mulally is the owner of Boeing.
quot;USA Today&quot; is a subsidiary of &quot;The Observer,&quot;.
quot;Two Trains Running&quot; was written by Wilson.
nrique Lopez Albujar Trint was killed on Jan, 9 '90.
ir Ian Blair works for the Metroplitan Police.
he United Nations produces vehicles.
 native plant is destroyed by the Colombian drug mafia.
errorist attacks were carried out in El Salvador.
ohn Sculley was an executive of the Macintosh group.
hris Evans worked for Radio 1.
hristopher Hill is a relative of a top US negotiator.
harles Brumskine is a member of the United Democratic Party.
ong Chantalangsy is a representative of Laos.
alan was killed by patriotic union leftist militants, .
round 30 deputies were killed on 12 Jul 89.
ooley Foyer is located in Dooley Hall.
oshiba produces notebook computers.
arry Estrada's father belonged to the Marine Corps.
-tunes does business with Disney.
nflammation is the result of ulcers.
uatemala borders on El Salvador.
n electoral campaign is being held in Nicaragua.
inny Resor is employed at Ochsner Foundation Hospital.
ector Oqueli Colindres is a citizen of Mexico.
arabundo Marti National Liberation Front have attacked Merino's home.
auricio Pineda was killed by gunfire.
oshiba is a subsidiary of Dell Inc.
he mayor of Mulqui district was murdered with a firearm.
he Economic Forecasting Center is located in Georgia.
mriti Kana Saha of Ranjat village is part of the Middle Andaman Island.
 mercenary group was injured in El Jicote.
he ECB council meets on Sept, 15.
he parliamentary election takes place on September 18.
oshiba Corp, is a partner of Sony Corp.
ouncilman Pierce owns a car.
ulia Timoshenko is the daughter of Bishop Pavel.
en's Shop is owned by Butler.
he 54-year-old man resides in London.
ose Jesus Pena is accused of the assassination of Manuel Antonio Rugama.
iverpool beat Chelsea.
utch bank ABN AMRO bids for Bank Antonveneta.
wo young U,S, citizens were killed on 30 May 89, .
anasonic brand products are produced by Samsung Electronics Co, Ltd.
ridium Jazz Club is located in New York.
al-el Coppola Cage is the son of Nicholas Cage.
 kidnapping took place in San Salvador.
ames Pinkney was an employee of Goryal Scales.
ir travel costs $20 million.
s, Miers was a leader of an evangelical church.
he Kremlin is owned by Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
ower lines were attacked by FMLN.
heumatoid arthritis is caused by microbes.
haung Tun is a representative of Burma.
he San Diego Padres won the game against the St, Louis Cardinals.
luto's trip around the Sun lasts 250 years.
 civilian was killed by a car bomb.
queli was taking part in the Nicaraguan electoral campaign.
olitical and labor leaders were killed by patriotic union leftist militants.
hmadinejab threatens Iran nuclear activity.
MLN guerrilla units attacked a commercial company.
ustice Carlos Valencia was killed in Medellin.
he Kuiper Belt is nine billion miles from the Sun.
he Taliban is the rebels' employer.
athleen Camilli works for Camilli Economics.
rude oil costs $63.
icrosoft Corp, is a partner of Intel Corp.
erhard Schroeder belongs to the Social Democrats.
he Army Of National Liberation are supporters of Castro.
icrosoft Corp, invented the next generation HD DVD format.
38,000 US troops are located in Iraq.
 glacial period occurred about 750 million to 600 million years ago.
r, Abbas is a member of the Palestinian family.
l Rashi is an executive of the police.
echtolsheim was the owner of Cisco Systems.
eneral Miguel Maza Marquez took part in the assassination of Luis Carlos Galan.
n Israeli official was killed by patriotic union leftist militants, .
elso Amorim resides in London.
alero Energy Corp, produces 250,000 barrels per day.
iguel Soler Rodriguez and Martha Luz Lopez were killed by two employees of Bogota's daily El Espectador.
ine political offices of the Liberal and Social Conservative parties were attacked by the drug trafficking cartels.
 local banker bids for Bank Antonveneta.
on-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
on-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
on-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
arine vegetation is  harvested.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
he cost of paper is rising.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
aglev is commercially used.
arine vegetation is harvested.
rug legalization has benefits.
 civilian policeman was killed, .
olio is under control in the world.
he World Bank is criticized for its policies.
rug legalization has benefits.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
rug legalization has benefits.
cean remote sensing is developed, .
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
he World Bank is criticized for its activities.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
cean remote sensing is developed, .
aglev is commercially used.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
lzheimer's disease is treated using drugs,  .
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
eople experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
he U,S, military evacuated U,S, citizens.
etroleum is explored in the South Atlantic.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
rug legalization has benefits.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
cean remote sensing is developed.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
he World Bank is criticized for its policies.
aglev is commercially used.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
rganic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
eople experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
lants are grown in water or in substances other than soil.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
he World Bank is criticized for its policies.
he World Bank is criticized for activities.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
aglev is commercially used.
easonal Affective Disorder (SAD) is a worldwide disorder.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
 tropical storm has caused significant property damage or loss of life.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
he U,S, military evacuated U,S, citizens.
on-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
rganic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
olio is under control in the world.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
teps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
 tropical storm has caused significant property damage or loss of life.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
arine vegetation is  harvested.
cean remote sensing is developed, .
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
 tropical storm has caused significant property damage or loss of life.
ietary intake of potassium prevents osteoporosis.
teps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
 tropical storm has caused significant property damage.
he cost of paper is rising.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
lants are grown in water or in substances other than soil.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
lants are grown in substances other than soil.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
 tropical storm has caused significant property damage.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
olio is under control in the world.
arine vegetation is  harvested.
rug legalization has benefits.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
rug legalization has benefits.
 hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
rganic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
ietary intake of magnesium prevents osteoporosis.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
olio is under control in the world.
teps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
rug legalization has benefits.
he U,S, military evacuated U,S, citizens.
lzheimer's disease is treated using drugs,  .
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
ruits and vegetables prevent osteoporosis.
eople experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
 case of rabies was confirmed.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
besity is medically treated.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
rade secrets were stolen.
easonal affective disorder (SAD) is a worldwide disorder.
on-authorized personnel illegally entered into computer networks.
he cost of paper is rising.
ruits and vegetables prevent osteoporosis.
cean remote sensing is developed, .
he World Bank is criticized for its activities.
rade secrets were stolen.
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
,S, Military evacuated U,S, citizens.
 hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
he U,S, military evacuated U,S, citizens.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
aglev is commercially used.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
rug legalization has benefits.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
he cost of paper is rising.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
rade secrets were stolen.
lants are grown in substances other than soil.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
 civilian policeman was killed, .
ietary intake of magnesium prevents osteoporosis.
rug legalization has benefits.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
here is a territorial waters dispute, .
teps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
cean remote sensing is applied.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
 hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
rug legalization has benefits.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
lzheimer's disease is treated using drugs, .
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
eople experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
olio is under control in the world.
rug legalization has benefits.
aglev is commercially used.
he cost of paper is rising.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
teps are being taken to stop the smuggling of aliens.
ietary intake of potassium prevents osteoporosis.
00 or more people lost their lives in a ferry sinking.
he World Bank is criticized for its activities.
he cost of paper is rising.
besity is medically treated.
lzheimer's disease is treated using drugs,  .
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
aglev is commercially used.
rganic fertilizers are used as soil enhancers.
he U,S, military evacuated U,S, citizens.
acteria is winning the war against antibiotics.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
apital punishment is a deterrent to crime.
rug legalization has benefits.
rade secrets were stolen.
olio is under control in the world.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
rade secrets were stolen.
lants are grown  in  substances other than soil.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
 tropical storm has caused loss of life.
he introduction of the euro has been opposed.
he ban on ivory trade has been effective in protecting the elephant from extinction.
easonal affective disorder (SAD) is a worldwide disorder.
 case of rabies was confirmed.
 hydroelectric project is proposed or is under construction.
etroleum will be explored in the South Atlantic.
eople experienced adverse effects while taking aspirin.
rug legalization has benefits.
omen are poorly represented in parliament.
umans existed 10,000 years ago.
lants are grown in water or in substances other than soil.
he Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as Hamas.
ader Barbalho is the president of Amazon, .
he Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as the Militant Islamic Palestinian Organization.
,7 percent of the people infected with HIV live in Africa.
incoln was assassinated in the presidential box of Ford's Theater,  .
issouri's population is 2,8 million, .
ike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear in 1964.
yprus was divided into two parts in 1983.
he first kibbutz was founded at Degania, .
oko Ono is John Lennon's widow.
e estimate that the Big Bang happened 20 years ago, .
octors Without Borders is an international aid organization.
lovenia has 5,5 million inhabitants,  .
he WTO headquarters are in Switzerland.
ostov-on-Don is a Russian city whose twin is Glasgow, .
he Portuguese Navy has 58 submarines.
lovenia has 3,000 inhabitants, .
he Dalai Lama has been living in exile since 10,000.
bout 10 million people live in France.
0% of the people infected with HIV live in Africa.
on White is the founder of Greenpeace.
olkswagen AG produces the 'Beetle'.
ogadishu is the capital of Somalia, .
bout 33,5 miilion people live in Tokyo.
acques Delors succeeded Jacques Santer in the presidency of the European Commission.
he Bulls basketball team is based in Chicago, Illinois.
he Statue of Liberty was built in 1986.
ing Edward VIII abdicated on the 10th of December, 1936.
oaquin Navarro-Valls is the Vatican Spokesman.
yprus was divided into two parts in March 2001, .
iller was the best scorer at the World Championship in 1966, .
he literacy rate in Cuba is 90%.
laretta Petacci was Mussolini's last mistress, .
n 1996 Mike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear.
lexander Solzhenitsyn's wife's name was Natalya Reshetovskaya.
yrton Senna was from Sao Paulo, .
ussolini's mistress was Eva Braunn.
ntonio di Pietro is a magistrate,  .
he Sears Tower has 110 stories.
he WTO headquarters is in Bonn.
ndy Grove is chairman of Intel, .
enminbi is the currency used in China, .
abena is a national airline.
l Nino is named after Peru.
yson bit off part of one of Evander Holyfield's ears in 2002.
000 days is the record for the longest stay in space by a human, .
ibul was the minister in Bangkok, .
here are seven continents.
wada Ashour is a Palestinian poet.
utheran Brotherhood received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989.
isneyland is in Hong Kong.
iodiesel produces the 'Beetle'.
oaquin Navarro-Valls is the pope's official spokesman.
emen was reunited in 1990.
ilupillai Prabhakaran is a rebel, .
he WTO headquarters is in Bonn.
he best scorer at the World Championship in 1966 was &quot;The Black Pearl,&quot;.
he Natural Resources Defense Council safeguards the Earth, .
nglish is the primary language of the Philippines, .
he Statue of Liberty was built in the year 300.
he Statue of Liberty was built in 1989.
abe Ruth hit 60 home runs in his lifetime, .
iulio Andreotti is a prime minister, .
yprus was divided into two parts in December.
he Renminbi Yuan is the currency used in China, .
srael has 1,5m Jewish inhabitants, .
he WTO headquarters are located in Geneva, .
oko Ono is John Lennon's widow, .
0,000 people live in Tokyo.
ount Olympus is in Thessaly, .
he Solomon R, Guggenheim Museum was opened in 1939.
a Camorra is a mine, .
ussolini's mistress was Clara Petacci.
ohandas received the Nobel Prize in 1989.
ount Olympus is in Greece, .
ount Olympus is in the center of the earth, .
ohn Paul II is Italian.
he Dalai Lama has been living in exile since 1950.
3 days is the record for the longest stay in space by a human, .
ibul was nationalistic.
he European country with the highest birth rate is Bosnia-Herzegovina.
he Sears Tower has 110 stories.
lovenia has 1,964,036 inhabitants.
issouri's population is 118,000, .
oko Ono is John Lennon's widow, .
OVESPA is an NGO.
he European single currency was introduced in 1999.
ilupillai Prabhakaran is the elusive leader of the LTTE.
issouri's population is 56, .
ohn Glenn was the first man in orbit, .
ossad is an intelligence agency,  .
hapiro works in Century City, .
rnold Schwarzenegger was elected Governor of California.
urope produces the 'Beetle'.
yprus was divided into two parts on May 1, 2004, .
oko Ono is John Lennon's widow, .
ast Timor was a colony of Dili before it was occupied by Indonesia in 1975, .
ibul was a young leader.
n 2000 there were 301 divorces in Bulgaria.
gon Eiermann died on September 29, 1904.
he US Declaration of Independence is located in Philadelphia, .
 female rabbit is called a buck, .
here are 32 pandas in the wild in China, .
lizabeth Dowdeswell is Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme.
n the Netherlands, people can legally have 32 grams of cannabis in their possession.
ing Edward VIII abdictated in 1936.
aul Watson is the founder of Greenpeace.
ussolini's mistress was Clara Petacci.
yprus was divided in 1974, .
uke University is in Durham.
eople can legally have 40 grams of cannabis in their possession.
exico produces more oil than any other country.
ike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear in 1990, .
he Hasmonean Dynasty rules Jordan, .
he lowest point on earth is at the Dead Sea.
ikolai Haitov is a historian, .
emocrat Culbert L, Olson was elected governor of California, .
 female rabbit is called a doe.
he WTO headquarters is located in Madrid, Spain, .
here are 1,100 pandas in the wild, in China, .
srael has 70 Jewish inhabitants, .
ader Barbalho is the governor of Sudam, .
uwait produces more oil than any other country, .
yprus was divided into two parts on May 1, .
ngola was subject to an embargo on the export of diamonds.
ike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear in 1997.
kea is a home, .
audi Arabia produces more oil than any other country, .
chwarzenegger was elected governor of California, .
he US Declaration of Independence is located in Independence Hall, .
9 Bavarians are Catholic.
ersia bought oil from Iraq during the embargo, .
erich bought oil from Iraq during the embargo, .
5 people live in France.
cotland is the European country with the highest birth rate.
he Hashemite dynasty rules Jordan, .
ibul was the dictator of Thailand, .
onald Regan was elected governor of California, .
om Cruise is married to Nicole Kidman, .
lexander Solzhenitsyn's wife's name is Anastasia.
he WTO headquarters are located in Geneva, .
ike Tyson bit Evander Holyfield's ear on June 28, 1997,  .
lovenia has 2 million inhabitants, .
inland is the European country with the highest birth rate.
he Chinese New Year's Day falls on the first day of the first month of the Lunar Year.
he Bulls basketball team is based in Chicago, Illinois.
obile phones can interfere with aircraft systems, .
ount Olympus is near the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
V-B light is damaging the ozone layer, .
ibul was a field marshal, .
ikolai Haitov is a writer, .
he Solomon R, Guggenheim Museum was opened in 1959.
ing Edward VIII abdicated in December 1936.
0-30 percent of people infected with HIV live in Africa.
ndia is on the Asian continent, .
ana is the Trade Minister in China.
ount Olympus is in the Olympic Range.
oko Ono is John Lennon's widow, .
ortmund is twinned with Glasgow, .
BM's has its headquarters in Armonk.
racle sells financial software.
he US Declaration of Independence is located in America, .
any US soldiers developed Gulf War illness after the Gulf War, .
he ozone hole is above Antarctica, .
ngela Curti was Mussolini's mistress.
lovenia has 270,000 inhabitants, .
ader Barbalho is the Senate President, .
any US soldiers developed Gulf War Syndrome after the Gulf War, .
abe Ruth hit 755 home runs in his lifetime, .
reland has been divided since 1921, .
ohn Lennon was killed in 1992, .
oko Ono is John Lennon's widow, .
 shell is an external protocol handler.
he record for the longest stay in space, by a human, is 438 days.
he Statute of Liberty was built in 1986.
uth hit 714 home runs in his lifetime, .
ost of the marijuana entering the United States comes from Canada, .
any US soldiers developed Gulf War illness after the Gulf War.
orsche is a German car manufacturer, .
weden is the European country with the highest birth rate.
he Chinese New Year's Day falls on the 1st of February in 2003, .
rabic is the primary language of the Philippines, .
ercedes-Benz is a German car manufacturer, .
he Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as OTN.
37 days is the record for the longest stay in space by a human, .
he first kibbutz was founded near the Sea of Galilee.
uan Carlos Lecompte is the founder of the Green Oxygen Party.
he Bulls basketball team is based in Chicago.
ixVillage is a French newspaper.
dwin Hubble was an astronomer, .
ilupillai Prabhakaran is a diplomat, .
he siege of Leningrad was broken on January 18, 1943.
n the Netherlands five grams of cannabis can be legally held in possession, .
he literacy rate in Cuba is 96%.
ew substances are damaging the ozone layer, .
uth hit 47 runs in his lifetime, .
ador Barbalho is a politician, .
yprus was divided on April 24, 2004.
abena is an airline, .
he Civic Alliance is an umbrella group, .
ahmoud Abbas has claimed victory in the presidential elections,  .
ntel is vying for a key spot in the digital living room.
he Israeli army carried out a widespread operation in Jenin.
he plane was returning to the French Caribbean island of Martinique, from Panama.
nalysts had expected revenue of $3,8 billion, according to Reuters estimates, .
ver the coming days, thousands of people are expected to make the decision to return to New Orleans, .
oosen shot a 69 and has a three-shot lead,  .
hree Iraqi soldiers also died Saturday when their convoy was attacked by gunmen near Adhaim, .
sraeli troops carried settlers out of homes, synagogues and even nursery schools.
he United States has asked member states of the International Energy Agency to provide oil, .
ix policemen and two soldiers were killed in a gunbattle, officials said, .
atricia Arquette collected best drama actress for psychic crime drama &quot;Medium&quot;, while James Spader won best actor for &quot;Boston Legal&quot; for a second year,  .
ose joined the Knicks 10 games ago.
nderson and colleagues used fetal neural stem cells, a type that are slightly more developed than embryonic stem cells because they're destined to make cells for the central nervous system.
artha Stewart was convicted of lying about a stock trade and served five months in prison.
00 tents had been washed away, .
oogle may build a campus on NASA property.
he settlement is pending approval by Citigroup's directors and the board of Regents at the University of California, .
wo former bosses of US manufacturer, Tyco, have been sentenced to up to 25 years in jail for stealing more than $150m (&#xA3;m) from the company, .
he new space vehicle design uses shuttle rocket parts and an Apollo-style capsule,  .
he leaked version said Mr, de Menezes was being restrained by an officer when he was shot by armed police.
he train accelerates to 430 kilometers per hour.
ehnquist served the second-longest tenure, as chief justice, in US history.
rance invited Mr, Mugabe to attend a Franco-African summit in Paris.
ashemi Rafsanjani will face Tehran's hard-line mayor in Iran's first runoff presidential election ever, officials said Saturday.
 bomb exploded outside a mosque,  .
reenspan also said that bloated trade and budget deficits threaten the long-term health of the U,S, economy.
ged just 14, Moog built his first electronic instrument, a theremin.
utin and Bush, on Thursday, agreed that Iran, along with North Korea, must not become a nuclear threat, .
orth Korea says it will rejoin nuclear talks.
x-Tyco CEO, Dennis Kozlowski, received 8-1/3 to 25 years in prison, Monday, for his part in stealing hundreds of millions of dollars from the manufacturing conglomerate, .
ozlowski and Swartz, who were found guilty of stealing more than $150 million from the company, were each sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison, .
erizon Communications Inc,'s $6,7 billion takeover of long-distance provider MCI Inc, transformed the telephone industry.
resident Bush's first term in office showed a net gain in payroll jobs.
ood and Drug Administration forbids human cloning without prior permission.
lonaid announced that mother and daughter would be returning to the US on Monday.
il prices surged, .
ox 2 inhibitors are pain relief drugs, .
exas researchers have found a naturally occurring hormone that can extend the lifespan of mice by as much as 30%, a discovery that opens a new avenue of research into human longevity, .
fter the service, Lennon attempted to speak to victims and protesters.
he recently left her camp, vowing to come back, to visit her mother who has just had a stroke.
ndian diplomats met an Indian prisoner, on death row, on Tuesday, .
erceptin can be used to treat breast cancer, .
olice issued John Wadham's statement after lawyers for the de Menezes family met with the complaints commission, demanding more information about the killing.
rude oil prices have hit fresh highs as fears grow over the extent of damage, done by Hurricane Katrina, to oil output in the Gulf of Mexico.
olk singer Joan Baez brought her latest anti-war message Sunday to President Bush's adopted hometown, supporting Iraq war protesters camping out near his ranch.
ol, Richard Wagenaar said the problems would set back repairs at least three weeks, but June was still the target for having the levees back to pre-Katrina strength, .
ozlowski was sentenced, Monday, to serve up to 25 years in prison,  .
pringsteen introduced some of the 12 new songs off his latest release, &quot;Devils andDust&quot;, which was recorded without the E Street Band.
esponding to a plea from the International Energy Agency for member countries to release reserves, Canada is prepared to help, .
orth Korea has a stockpile of nuclear weapons.
ustice Sandra Day O'Connor announced her retirement.
he car bomb at the mosque in Iskandariyah exploded, .
 New York state judge also ordered Kozlowski and former Chief Financial Officer, Mark Swartz, to serve 25 years in prison.
0 million barrels of oil and gasoline will be available to the marketplace, .
srael will not prosecute the police who killed 13 Israeli Arabs during pro-Palestinian protests in 2000, because of a lack of evidence, an official inquiry said yesterday.
fficials said that the suspect, a Finnish citizen, was among the dead.
unni Arabs say they're not ready to re-join the committee drafting Iraq's new constitution, .
he quarterback threw for 413 yards and three touchdowns, and then ran to the end zone two more times.
ahoo's technology will still be used.
he experiment, reported Monday, isn't the first to show that stem cells offer tantalizing hope for spinal cord injury, .
he U,N, health agency has distanced itself from a top official's prediction that a global influenza pandemic could kill as many as 150 million people.
riscilla Presley told fans, &quot;you're helping Elvis make history again,&quot;.
avid Wells' comments drew a quick response from the players' union and the commissioner's office.
orld leaders have condemned North Korea for pulling out of talks.
 study of a promising cancer drug was stopped because of a serious side effect, .
he Bush administration will release 30 million barrels of crude oil from U,S, reserves, .
kbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is the president.
ock was resplendent at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday night, as the veteran punk group, Green Day, took home seven moonmen.
CI made no mention of its planned $6,7 billion agreement to be acquired by Verizon Communications in its release, Friday.
any tents were overwhelmed after a storm hit the Somerset site on the festival's first day.
 am delighted and wish The Prince of Wales and Parker Bowles a happy life.
wo British soldiers' imprisonment prompted UK troops to storm a police station, .
 Colombian plane crashed in a remote region of Venezuela.
ashington is pressing Iraq's leaders to end weeks of political deadlock and to form a new government as soon as possible, US officials say,  .
ost of the illegal votes cast in the election went to Gregoire.
oreign oil reserves will be made available to the U,S, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, .
owever, the documents leaked to ITV News suggest that Menezes, an electrician, walked casually into the subway station and was wearing a light denim jacket.
ehnquist served the second-longest tenure, as chief justice, in US history, .
he pilot had been attempting an emergency landing, after both engines failed.
wo British tanks, sent to the police station where the soldiers are being held, were set alight in clashes, .
he governor of Basra will not work with British troops until there is an apology for a raid to free two UK soldiers, .
n international oil agency will make 60 million barrels of oil and gasoline available to the marketplace, .
he Rolling Stones have begun their latest  tour with a concert in Boston.
iller died Thursday night, of heart failure, surrounded by family members.
hey included Palestinian residents of east Jerusalem, who carry identity cards allowing them free movement in Israel.
t seems unlikely that there will be a coalition between Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats and Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union.
he Buffalo Bills are releasing Drew Bledsoe, their quarterback.
ush pushed the issue to federal courts.
he plant was inspected in October and cited for numerous safety violations, .
he Rolling Stones have begun their latest world tour with a concert in Boston.
n Sunday, officials argued about whether to seek a delay of the August deadline for completing the document in order to give them more time to hash out such sticky issues.
hares of Amazon fell 4 percent,  .
 Palestinian was killed and other people were wounded.
he state attorney general claimed that the archdiocese engaged in a coverup.
CI shareholders accepted a $6,7 billion offer over Qwest's initial $8 billion.
he flash of radiation on December 27,  lit up the Earth's atmosphere.
he December burst came from a neutron star in the constellation Sagittarius.
ore jobs were created during President Bush's first term.
ope Benedict XVI is the new leader of the Roman Catholic Church.
he most notable happening occurred early Sunday morning, when rap-label owner, Marion &quot;Suge&quot; Knight, was shot in the leg at a Kanye West party.
he engine can answer specific queries directly, .
mid growing concern among congressional Republicans about the huge cost of the planned reconstruction effort, Bush said the federal government could foot the bill without resorting to a tax increase,  .
rafat condemned suicide bomb attacks inside Israel.
n a bowl, whisk together the egg, sugar and vanilla until light in color,  .
n a bowl, toss the olive oil with salt and pepper.
akri was briefly detained, but was released,  .
orkers were inside the plant at the time of the explosion.
he West Pharmaceutical Services plant had been cited for numerous safety violations last autumn.
cientists have discovered a gene that produces a hormone that raises the life expectancy in mice by 30 percent.
ahmoud Abbas has claimed victory in the Palestinian presidential elections, and has dedicated his win to Yasser Arafat, who died in November 2004.
K troops stormed a police station in Iraq.
hompson's 'gonzo' journalism throws objectivity out of the window, .
rance angered a number of countries, by inviting Mr, Mugabe to attend a Franco-African summit in Paris.
he Prince of Wales and Bowles will marry in a civil ceremony at Windsor Castle.
r, Hariri was killed in a bomb explosion, .
rquette, who plays a crime-solving psychic in NBC's &quot;Medium&quot;, won the best drama series actress award.
ashington is pressing Iraq's leaders to end weeks of political deadlock and to form a new government as soon as possible, US officials say.
rigitte Boisselier announced that a cloned baby had been born.
ederal Reserve boss, Alan Greenspan, sees increased US trade protectionism and budget deficits as threats to the US economy.
ames Spader won best actor for &quot;Boston Legal,&quot;.
ahmoud Abbas has won a landslide victory in Sunday's presidential election,  .
oog's instruments were used by The Beatles and The Doors among others.
our-long special episodes of ITV soaps, &quot;Emmerdale&quot; and &quot;The Bill&quot;, were the top-rated UK TV shows on the commercial channel's 50th anniversary.
ehran's hard-line mayor will face Rafsanjani in a runoff election.
ccording to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the plant was inspected in October and fined for safety violations.
he US labelled North Korea part of an 'axis of evil'.
t seems unlikely that there will be a coalition between Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats and Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union.
laywright Miller, the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of 'Death of a Salesman', has died.
owles will be known as HRH Duchess of Cornwall.
housands of people are expected to return to New Orleans this week, as areas of the city are opened up to residents, .
n Airport concourse was evacuated Wednesday, after people began having trouble breathing.
he pilot had been attempting an emergency landing, after both engines failed.
ope John Paul II died.
S officials are concerned by the political vacuum and fear that it is feeding sectarian tensions, correspondents say.
housands of Shias have marched in the southern Iraqi city of Basra to back the new constitution, .
he World Health Organization moved Friday, to revise alarming predictions that a pandemic stemming from the bird flu virus ravaging parts of Asia, could kill as many as 150 million people.
llusionist James Randi offered a million dollars to anyone able to prove that homeopathy cures.
he pope made the sign of the cross, .
ike said orders for footwear and apparel for delivery totaled $4,9 billion, including a 12 percent increase in U,S, orders, .
ile-sharing service, Grokster, is in talks to be acquired by Mashboxx, which is attempting to establish a legal peer-to-peer music company.
oogle's blockbuster partnership with NASA Ames Research Center is leaving local officials, environmentalists and Silicon Valley landlords feeling left out of the party.
atthias Egger, MD, director of the department of social and preventive medicine (ISPM) at the University of Berne, Switzerland, led the study.
s, Sheehan, whose son was killed last year in an attack in Iraq, left her camp Thursday, for Los Angeles to be with her mother, Shirley Miller, who suffered a stroke.
The Bills announced that they will release the 33-year-old Bledsoe, .
he soldiers were driving a civilian car and were dressed in civilian clothes when a shooting took place between them and Iraqi patrols, .
ateway lowered its sales and earnings guidance for the year.
 chartered jet, filled with tourists returning home to the French Caribbean island of Martinique, crashed Tuesday in Venezuela, killing all 160 people on board.
nalysts had said that Mr, Abbas needed a large margin of victory in order to push his agenda of peace talks with Israel.
nocal said it would evaluate the CNOOC offer, .
atasuna denies it is the political wing of ETA.
ecurity forces were on high alert after a campaign marred by violence, .
ndia and Pakistan have decided to free hundreds of civilian prisoners in each others jails, .
amilla will be a duchess until Charles becomes King, when she will become Princess Consort, .
srael will not prosecute the police who killed 13 Israeli Arabs during pro-Palestinian protests in 2000, because of a lack of evidence, an official inquiry said yesterday,  .
cDonald's Corp,, the world's largest restaurant chain, led the advance after the company reported earnings that exceeded estimates.
ll four men have been released on bail and are due to return to a police station.
oosen managed a combined 25-over par for the closing round,  .
ames Spader won best actor for &quot;Boston Legal,&quot;  .
hina was increasing its military spending and buying large amounts of sophisticated weapons.
0 foreign nationals were a threat to Britian's national security, .
alestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, may be someone Israel can talk with, .
s many as 180,000 people could return within 10 days to a city that held 460,000 before Hurricane Katrina struck.
isney gave the Smithsonian a trove of sought-after African art.
ith more than 220,000 refugees in Texas, Perry warned that his state was running out of room.
 massive blast at a plastics factory killed at least two people.
et income grew to $369 million, or 83 cents per share, in the January-March period from $291 million, or 65 cents per share, a year ago.
he University of California's board of Regents still needs to ratify the settlement - as does Citigroup's board of directors.
he trigger for this move to ban Batasuna was their failure to condemn an ETA bombing.
ashington is pressing Iraq's leaders to end weeks of political deadlock and to form a new government as soon as possible, US officials say,  .
ising prices have helped make many people feel wealthier and thus more inclined to spend, .
t seems unlikely that there will be a coalition between Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats and Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union.
he train literally floats above the track.
 plane carrying vacationers home to the island of Martinique crashed, Tuesday, in Venezuela.
ruise was in Leicester Square when he was squirted with water.
ffers by individual European governments, involved supplies of crude or refined oil products, .
housands of Shiite Muslims rallied in the southern city of Basra to show support for Iraq's new constitution, .
hat really irks Frye and other doctors of homeopathy, however, is that homeopathic remedies are not supposed to be used like medical drugs, .
resident Bush authorized the federal courts to review the case,  .
gyptian and Palestinian border guards failed repeatedly in efforts to end the chaos and to close the border.
uropean nations were considering releasing oil reserves to help the United States after Hurricane Katrina, .
aw said he plans to take a brief vacation after Christmas and later retreat to a monastery.
he Senate Judiciary Committee, on Thursday, approved Judge John Roberts' nomination as the next Supreme Court Chief Justice, virtually assuring his confirmation by the Senate next week.
he international community agreed to release stocks from reserves to help avert a fuel crisis threatening the U,S, .
 member of the opposition was injured in a car bomb attack in Beirut.
pain's Basque party calls for the boycott of a parliament decision.
ike said that orders for delivery were up 11 percent from a year earlier, and it was optimistic about its growth prospects, .
he United Iraqi Alliance won more than two-thirds of the 3,3 million votes counted so far, the election commission said.
he appeals court was their last best chance to get that feeding tube reinserted into their daughter.
BI whistleblower Coleen Rowley has also arrived in Texas, as has Becky Lourey, another mother who has lost her son in Iraq and a state senator in Minnesota.
he Rolling Stones kicked off their tour in Boston.
 plane carrying vacationers home to the French Caribbean island of Martinique crashed, Tuesday, in western Venezuela after reporting engine problems, killing all 160 people on board, officials said.
owles will take the title of Princess Consort.
ush and Putin agreed that Iran should not have nuclear weapons.
reenspan also worried in his speech about what will occur with the ending of the recent sustained period of low interest rates and low risks for investors.
umsfeld is leveling some harsh criticism at China during his trip.
otter fans rushed to tills in order to purchase the book.
 long spell of low interest rates and low risks for investors has especially encouraged investment in homes.
oth Mr, Schroeder and Mr, Zhu have much to gain if maglev succeeds.
orth Korea says it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons and is building more.
Baikalfinansgroup was sold to Rosneft.
Yuganskneftegaz cost US$ 27,5 billion.
"Does A Tiger Have A Necktie" was produced in London.
"The Extra Girl" was produced by Sennett.
30 die in a bus collision in Uganda.
500 small companies are partners of Procter and Gamble.
52 people and four bombers were killed on July 7.
80% approve of Mr, Bush.
A complete Dakosaurus was discovered by Diego Pol.
A pro-women amendment was rejected by the National Assembly of Kuwait.
Abuja is located in Adamawa State.
Accardo was a member of the Walter Stauffer Academy.
Airbus plans a design engineering centre.
Alex Dyer represents Santarchy.
Alexandre Berthier died in 1799.
Alfredo Cristiani visits Mexico on June 7.
Allen introduced a new technique of creating realistic scenery.
Aspirin prevents gastrointestinal bleeding.
Berlinguer succeeded Natta.
Blue Mountain Lumber owns Ernslaw One.
Blue Mountain Lumber will locate a development site on the Coromandel.
Boeing's headquarters is in Canada.
Boris Evelson founded the Kalido Technical Advisory Board.
Bountiful reached San Francisco in August 1945.
Bountiful reached San Francisco on 1 November 1945.
Brazil is part of the United Nations.
British and US-based investment funds acquire Berliner Verlag.
British Columbia is located in Canada.
Burns surgeons approve Dr Wood's spray-on skin.
Bush supports global terrorism.
Capt, Scott reached Scott Island in December 1902.
Carl Smith died on August 8.
Chávez is a follower of socialism.
China is a member of SCO.
CIA secret prisons were located in Eastern Europe.
Clark is a relative of Jones'.
Colarusso works for Dover police.
Côte d'Ivoire is located in Africa.
Cristiani is accused of the assassination of six Jesuits.
Cristiani is the president of Costa Rica.
Cristiani killed six Jesuits.
Cyprian Gatete is an employee of Reuters.
David Cameron works as the shadow education secretary.
David Vance lives in South Portland.
Dean invented a revolver.
Deutsche Telekom sold O2 Plc.
Diplomats agree on EU budget.
Dr Fiona Wood has invented a treatment for burns victims.
During the Civil War the government of the United States bought arms from Britain.
Edison invented the Kinetoscope.
El-Nashar is accused of terrorism.
El-Nashar was arrested in Egypt.
Emperor Charles V was elected by Clement VII.
Eurest Support Services is a subsidiary of Ernst and Young.
Europe's first pyramid has been discovered near Sarajevo.
Female mosquitoes spread malaria.
FermiLab created Linux LTS.
FMLN caused a blackout in the capital.
Gallager attended Temple University.
Gazprom detains the Uzbek pipeline monopoly.
Gbagbo is a competitor of Ouattara.
General Dynamics loses $374m.
Guatemala accepts the Pet passport as proof of vaccination.
GUS sold Wehkamp.
Harnold Lamb authored many biographies.
Hazardous chemical materials have been discovered at Bear Creek.
Hooper bought a house in Portland.
Hooper is a citizen of Portland.
Hugh assisted Mustang.
Hughes was married to Gracia.
Hugo Chávez acts as Venezuela's president.
Allan Chapman is employed at the River Forecast Centre.
In 2001, the EU introduced a passport for pets.
In 2001, the EU introduced a six-month compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets.
In the May 2005 general election Conservatives got 33 seats.
Intelligent design supports Darwinian evolution.
Israeli forces attacked seven Arab states in 1948.
Italy's government investigates Sony.
Jack Straw holds the position of UK Foreign Secretary.
Henry Borski and Jake Borski are relatives.
Jennie Beavers Stewart is a share-holder of Carolina Analytical Laboratory.
Jerry Reinsdorf has won 7 championships.
John Galyean's wife is called Frances.
Joseph Wilson is Valerie Plame's ex-husband.
Joseph Wilson worked for CIA.
Judith Miller is a member of CIA.
Judith Miller works for the US Government.
Jyestadeva invented calculus.
Jyestadeva is the author of the Yuktibhasa.
Kennon did not participate in WWII.
Kennon was part of the National Guard.
Kinston Indians participate in the Carolina League.
Kofi Annan was elected in the January 30 ballot.
Lee Trundle is in business with the League One club.
Levomepromazine causes schizophrenia.
Live At Leeds was recorded by The Who.
Lukoil earned $1 billion in 2004.
Louis Riel assassinated Scott.
Mabel Normand starred in The Extra Girl.
The Macdonough left Hawaii on 10 August.
Manas air base is located in Kyrgyzstan.
Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia was arrested in May.
Marlowe supported Zaleshoff.
Marlowe was arrested by Italian authorities.
Mbeki holds the office of Prime Minister.
MBUSA is based in New Yersey.
Mercedez-Benz supports the Key to the Cure campaign.
MG Rover has been bought by Airbus.
More than 200,000 U,S, composers, songwriters, lyricists and music publishers are members of ASCAP.
Morro da Rocinha is near the Vidigal favela.
Moussaoui participated in the Sept, 11 attacks.
Mr, Zhao died in Beijing.
Mrs Hobday departs London.
Ms Robbins is a co-owner of Armstrong Environmental Inc.
A Houston multimillionaire buys the Pope's Ford Escort.
Natta supported Italian Socialism.
Natta supported the Manifesto group.
Nelson Beavers is one of the owners of Carolina Analytical Laboratories.
Nelson Beavers worked for Eurofins.
New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on July 14.
New elections in Côte d'Ivoire will take place on October 30.
Nival was sold in 2005.
Nokia produces mobile chips.
Parmalat costs 14,3 billion euros.
Pierce lives near Rossville Blvd.
Pierce lives on E, 28th Street.
Pope Pius VI died in France.
Pretoria is located in Côte d'Ivoire.
Procter and Gamble spends $1,8 billion for Research and Development.
Professor Ochoa Garcia is a member of the Salvadoran government.
Quarantine is compulsory for animals to enter the UK.
Rafael Calderon Fournier has been elected president of Costa Rica.
Rainulf was the leader of the Normans.
Rennyo founded Honganji Shinshu Buddhism.
Rennyo reached Yoshizaki in 1471.
Robert Senacal was arrested by police.
Romano Prodi wins Italian primaries.
Rosneft belonged to the Russian State.
Rowley and Lourey are relatives.
Saad Hariri was elected Prime Minister of Lebanon.
Saddam Hussein flees to the U,S.
Saint Joan of Arc's brigade got weapons for combatants.
Scott Stevens has connections with the Yakuza.
Scott's execution caused the Wolseley Expedition.
Senacal resides in Cortland Manor.
Sony BMG sells protected CDs.
Southwest Airlines operates in New Orleans.
Sue Robbins visits the former Woodson-Tenent Laboratory.
Sumner died at Farnham.
Swift died in 1745.
Swift worked for the Earl of Berkeley.
Sylvia Costas is the wife of Andy Sipowicz.
T,R, Mahalingham made the first seven holed flute.
Tanning may cause skin cancers.
Texas Instruments produces mobile phones.
The Auburn High School Athletic Hall of Fame has ten members.
The Aurora Borealis was discovered in 1995.
The Bracamonte Battalion was attacked by guerrillas.
The British Army crossed the Toba Kakar Range of mountains in 1839.
The Canadian parliament's Ethics Commission accuses Judy Sgro.
The Counts of Holland supported the Holy See.
The Dutch people approve the European Constitution.
The House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador vote against the land claims agreement.
The Inner City Little League is sponsored by Chicago White Sox Charities.
The island gets water from collected rain.
The Italian government introduces reforms to higher education.
The Kabale district borders on Rwanda.
The Kakhovskaya Line was built in 1995.
The pet passport contains the complete vaccination history of pets.
The "Piano Man" came from Germany.
The "Piano Man" worked for a British tabloid.
The Raisani tribe resides in Pakistan.
Three rebels were killed by government troops.
Time Warner Cable is a partner of Sprint Nextel.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange was closed down by computer system failure.
Tom Online earned US$42,78 mn in three months.
Tom Online revenues have risen by 38,5%.
Total participated in the oil-for-food programme.
Two worshippers were killed in Afghanistan.
Uzbekistan closes United States military base.
Uzbekistan protests against Washington.
Vance worked with Hooper.
Vera Beers works for Olivet.
Vera Beers works for Standard Printing.
Vladimir Putin participated in the ceremonies for the freeing of the Auschwitz Birkenau concentration camp.
Wehkamp was based in the UK.
Wehkamp cost ?390m.
White assisted the Labor government from 1972 to 1975.
White got the $10,000 Britannia Award.
Wilkins became the captain of Chelsea in 1975.
Wilkins departed Milan in 1987.
Women can vote in elections in Saudi Arabia.
The WSF takes place in Brazil.
Yasser Arafat succeeded Abbas.
Zapatero participated in the Ibero-American meeting in Costa Rica.
Zarubezhneft trades in oil.
Zhao was a member of the Communist Party.
Zhao was arrested in 1989.
Zoe died in a boating accident.
Zorrilla started the revolution of 1868.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Italian royal family returns home.
Sophie's World is a best seller.
Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside ex-USSR.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
The nuclear power plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
Christopher Reeve had an accident.
Sex-change operations become more common.
Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
Nuclear waste transport delayed in Germany.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Italian flight assistants go on strike.
Several new political parties emerged.
Maternity leave varies in Europe.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
People were killed in suicide attacks.
Sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.
Hunting endangers seal species.
A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.
Castro visits the UN.
Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
Parliamentary elections create new government in France.
Christopher Reeve had an accident.
NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
NATO Secretary General Willy Claes resigned.
Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Castro visits the UN.
Christopher Reeve had an accident.
Tour de France winner is likely to lose the crown.
Lady Diana died in Paris.
Dinosaur remains were found in Asia.
Domestic fires are a major cause of unintentional injury in the home.
Ebola Epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
The women's ten thousand metres champion is from Mozambique.
A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
People are willing to risk imprisonment rather than perform military service.
Fireworks may cause serious injuries.
Several sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
Fireworks may cause serious injuries.
Dutch photos of Srebrenica have disappeared.
Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
Maternity leave varies in Europe.
European cars sell in Russia.
Parliamentary elections may lead to a new government in France.
President Fujimori was re-elected in 1995.
Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Glue-sniffing is common among youngsters.
Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
Robots are used to find avalanche victims.
Hubble discovers black holes.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
AIDS spreads in Africa.
Sportswomen have been suspected of doping.
The Dayton Peace Treaty was formulated to end the war in Bosnia.
Italian royal family returns home.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
Several new political parties emerged.
The EU partially refuses commission candidates.
Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.
Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
An Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
An Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Andreotti is accused of Mafia collusion.
Sex-change operations become more common.
Kieslowski is a director.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Hubble discovers black holes.
Mental health problems increase in the young.
Robots are used to find missing victims.
The women's ten thousand metres champion is from Mozambique.
50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
Hubble discovers black holes.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Kieslowski is a film and TV director.
The number of billionaires increases.
50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
Greece and Macedonia are in dispute over name.
Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
Italian flight assistants go on strike.
A woman succeeds in climbing Everest solo.
Nuclear Power Plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
Italian director is awarded an honorary Oscar.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
Several new political parties emerged.
International pressure is exerted to end French nuclear tests.
President Fujimori was re-elected in 1995.
Anna Politkovskaya was murdered.
New Portuguese prime minister is elected.
Rabies is fatal in humans.
Rabies is fatal in humans.
Altai ice maiden triggers major dispute.
FIFA selects world football player of the year 1994.
European cars sell in Russia.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Seal-hunting endangers species.
Castro visits the UN.
Andreotti collaborates with the Mafia.
Andreotti is accused of Mafia collusion.
Baltic Countries join the EU.
Papal travel is affected by political concerns.
Prehistoric art discovered in South Africa.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
Maternity leave varies in Europe.
Nuclear Power Plant of Sosnovyi Bor suffers an emergency shut down.
Baltic Countries join the EU.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank.
Mental health problems increase in the young.
The Dayton Peace Treaty was formulated to end the war in Bosnia.
Hubble discovers black holes.
Altai ice maiden triggers major dispute.
The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
The 2002 Olympic Winter games took place in Salt Lake.
Dinosaur remains were found in Asia.
Guerrillas increase activity in East Timor.
Flooding in Europe causes major economic losses.
A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
International pressure is exerted to end French nuclear tests.
Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Sportswomen have been accused of doping.
Nick Leeson was arrested for collapse of Barings Bank PLC.
Italian flight assistants go on strike.
Italian royal family returns home.
Sex-change operations become more common.
50th Anniversary of Normandy Landings lasts a year.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
Russians hold record for longest stay in space.
The number of billionaires increases.
Nobel Peace Prize candidates have been chosen.
AIDS spreads in Africa.
Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
Nobel Peace Prize candidates have been chosen.
Dam building prevents life-threatening situations.
A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.
National pension systems currently adopted in Europe are in difficulties.
Several new political parties emerged.
Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
Peru debates border region with Ecuador.
Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.
2002 Olympic Winter games take place in Salt Lake.
A Sioux ghost shirt was returned by a Scottish museum.
Italian royal family returns home.
AIDS spreads in Africa.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
The Ebro Delta is used for farming.
Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
The Ebola epidemic breaks out in Zaire.
People were killed in Tamil suicide attacks.
Three parties form a Dutch coalition government.
Deaf people encounter problems in the social community.
Financial reforms have been proposed at the G7 summit in Halifax.
Merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Dalai Lama and the government of the People's Republic of China are in dispute over Panchen Lama's reincarnation.
The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
A typhoon batters the Philippines.
US shuttle Atlantis docks with the Mir space station.
The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.
Seal-hunting endangers species.
Robots are used to find avalanche victims.
The Baltic Countries will join the EU.
Sophie's World is a best seller.
Greenhouse effect changes global climate.
Child labor is widely used in Asia.
FIFA selects world football player of the year 1994.
Hubble is a Space telescope.
Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
Gianni Versace is a designer.
Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Cyrillic is an alphabet used for certain Slavic languages, such as Russian.
Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
Elizabeth the Second's father was George VI.
The name of George H,W, Bush's wife is Barbara.
The name of George H,W, Bush's wife is Barbara.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a writer.
The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
Brian Goodell won three gold medals in the 1979 Pan American Games.
Carl Lewis won eighteen gold medals and set 21 world records.
Quarks, leptons, and bosons are the three elementary particles of physics according to the Standard Model.
Melvyn Percy set up Minerva Rigging at Kip Marina.
The Everglades is 50-mile wide.
"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
Earthquakes have the potential to generate a tsunami.
The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
More than 200,000 people were killed in the air attack in the Darfur region.
Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin America from the 1950s to 1980s.
Operation Condor was a genocide and a campaign of counter-terrorism implemented by the right-wing dictatorships that dominated the Southern Cone in Latin America from the 1950s to 1980s.
Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
Titan is the fifteenth of Saturn's known satellites.
Klaus Pohl is one of Germany's most performed dramatists.
Lufthansa is the German airline.
The Berlin Wall was torn down in 1989.
The banking firm Barings collapsed due to speculations made by Nick Leeson.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a presidential candidate.
Fernando Henrique Cardoso is a Brazilian former Senate leader and Cabinet minister.
APEC is the newly born Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation.
The current name of Ceylon is Sri Lanka.
The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was born in Germany.
Amnesty International takes care of human rights.
Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Tony Blair belongs to the Labor Party.
Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
Phobia is a an extreme fear of a particular thing or situation.
The symptoms of Parkinson's disease are: tremor, rigidity (stiffness; increased muscle tone), bradykinesia/akinesia, also "dysdiadokinesia", and postural instability.
Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
Hubble is a Space telescope.
Michael Crichton is the author of the book Jurassic Park.
Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
Boris Becker is a Wimbledon champion.
In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
In 1945, an atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
The movie 'Speed' was directed by Jan De Bont.
The movie 'Speed' was directed by Jan De Bont.
Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Felipe González is the President of Spain.
Neil Armstrong was the first man who landed on the Moon.
Cyrillic is an alphabet used for certain Slavic languages, such as Russian.
Qin Shi Huang was the first China Emperor.
Qin Shi Huang was the first Chinese Emperor.
The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
The Israel-Egypt Peace Agreement was signed in 1979.
The name of George H,W, Bush's wife is Barbara.
The name of George H,W, Bush's wife is Barbara.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a novelist and writer.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a conservative politician.
Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Alfred Nobel is the inventor of dynamite.
Euro-Disney is an Entertainment Park.
Euro-Disney is an Entertainment Park.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970.
The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The Gurkhas come from Nepal.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
The Normandy landings took place in June 1944.
The name of Helmut Kohl's political party is the Christian Democratic Union.
Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
Vladislav Listyev was murdered in Moscow.
The Shoemaker-Levy comet hit Jupiter.
Vermeer is a 17th-Century Dutch artist.
Klaus Pohl is a German dramatist.
The Child Labour Abolition and Regulation Act was adopted in 1986.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III was king of Italy from 1900 to 1946.
Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
Franz Liszt lived from 1811 to 1886.
"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
"The Persians" was written by Aeschylus.
Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Mohammad Khalifa's father-in-law is Osama Bin Laden.
Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
Spirou was created by Rob-Vel.
Mars is called 'the red planet'.
Mars is called 'the red planet'.
Mars is called the red planet.
The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
The official religion of Thailand is Theravada Buddhism.
French is the most widely spoken language in Québec.
Arabic is the language of the Quran.
Arabic is the language of the Quran.
Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
Dagbladet is a Norwegian newspaper.
Verdens Gang is a Norwegian newspaper.
The French railway company is called SNCF.
The French railway company is called SNCF.
2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
2,45 m is the world record in the high jump.
The first free elections in Iraq were held in January 2005.
Chen Shui-bian is the new President of Taiwan.
The current President of Honduras is Manuel Zelaya.
A tsunami is a series of waves created when a body of water rapidly displaced on a massive scale.
Lithuania intends to introduce the use of the Euro as an official currency on January 1, 2007.
12 members of the European Union use the Euro instead of their own national currencies.
The Brazilian President is Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Gamma rays are forms of electromagnetic radiation.
Condoleezza Rice is the U,S, Secretary of State.
Condoleezza Rice is the U,S, Secretary of State.
Condoleezza Rice is the U,S, Secretary of State.
Romania sent 730 troops in Iraq.
Don Brash is the leader of the New Zealand National Party.
Don Brash is the leader of the New Zealand National Party.
Titan is the fifteenth of Saturn's known satellites.
Euro-Disney is a theme park outside Paris.
The Pharos Lighthouse was located in Alexandria.
The Pharos Lighthouse was built around 280 BC.
Lin Piao wrote the "Little Red Book".
Kailash Satyarthi, India's leading opponent of child labour.
Nandrolone is a steroid.
Michel Camdessus is managing director of IMF.
Luis Roldan was director of police from 1986 to 1993.
The Berlin Wall was torn down in November, 1989.
Rolf Ekeus is a Swedish diplomat.
Heaney was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature in 1995.
Aldrich Hazen Ames is married to Rosario Casas Ames.
The Berlin International Film Festival awards the Golden Bear.
India and Pakistan have fought three wars for the possession of Kashmir.
John Martin is the founder of Black Sparrow Press.
Tolkien wrote the fantasy epic called "Lord of the Rings".
The name of George W, Bush's wife is Laura.
The name of George W, Bush's wife is Laura.
Alison Hargreaves is the first woman to have made the climb up the Everest with no artificial oxygen.
The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
The Titanic sank in 1912.
The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
The moon was first touched by mankind in 1969.
Martin Luther King was murdered in 1968.
Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
Pope John Paul II was born in Poland.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg.
The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
The Golden Palm has been awarded at the Cannes film Festival.
Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
Bill Clinton belongs to the Democratic Party.
Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
Kanchenjunga is 8586 meters high.
The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
The moon Titan has a diameter of 5100 kilometers.
The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3746 kilometers.
The terrestrial moon has a diameter of 3746 kilometers.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a Nobel prize winner.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a Nobel prize winner.
Stephen Hawking is a physicist.
Yakuza are the Japanese mafia.
Gotthold Ephraim Lessing lived from 1729 to 1781.
Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
Before Salt Lake City, Winter Olympic Games took place in Nagano.
The top quark is the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
The Top Quark is the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
The Big Bang is the primordial explosion from which the universe was created.
Microsoft Windows is an operating system.
Microsoft Windows is an operating system.
The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
The members of the Gulf Cooperation Council are: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain.
The Shoemaker-Levy comet was discovered by Shoemaker, his wife, Carolyn, and an astronomer David H, Levy.
Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
Everglades National Park is located in Florida.
NATO has 16 members.
The NATO has 16 members.
Christie's is one of the world's largest auction houses.
Millions of dollars of art were recovered, including works by Dali.
Millions of dollars of art were recovered, including works by Dali.
These two portraits and a lithography by Edvard Munch were recovered using the Art Loss Register database.
Gerhardt Schroeder was accused of helping VW.
African elephants are endangered by ivory poachers.
Police recovered 81 Andy Warhol lithographs.
An international convention banned trade in ivory.
The Amazon rain forest is a vast area in South America.
Police use robots for bomb-handling.
At the age of one year, male mice were fed with a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat.
Centralized inventory records for museums aid in theft awareness.
Five masterpieces, including a Renoir, were recovered when the thief confessed.
The biggest art theft in US history was the theft of a dozen works from Boston's Gardner Museum.
All are deeply concerned about the damage of the Iraq war and are looking for ways to resolve it.
The weather channel gives you information about the weather in the next few days.
German officials began investigating VW for theft.
All charges of anti-competitive staff poaching were later dismissed.
Wheelchairs were used to lead passengers off the ship.
Seven other GM executives left with Lopez.
Germany is concerned about the effect of the court investigations on domestic economic and political affairs.
Piech got nationalistic in his accusations.
A US probe of the investigation started at the instigation of the Commerce Department.
Yunus founded the Grameen Bank 30 years ago.
Yunus wants to start a company.
Because of leaks, a gag was placed on Holland's office.
Alfred Nobel invented dynamite in 1866.
Documents included secret plans for a new factory.
People leaving GM with Lopez included Jose Gutierrez, Jorge Alvarez Aguirre, and Rosario Piazza.
1,5 million people were killed during the drought and famine devastation in 1974 in Bangladesh.
Some people in the village of Joba received loans from Yunus.
Full diplomatic relations were re-established in 1990.
The first two borrowers must start repaying the principal plus interest over a six-week period.
Three Swedes were arrested in a Belgian police sting operation.
A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of Nepalese and Tibetan art objects in New York was arrested.
Norwegian police arrested three people for the theft of Munch's painting, 'The Scream'.
Some stolen art is recovered through offered rewards.
In France, works of art bought at public auction are exempt from registration.
Relations between Argentina and Great Britain are growing more cooperative.
Refusal of Argentina to buy cattle created new tensions between the two countries.
There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW.
Argentina sought UK expertise on privatization and agriculture.
Philip Morris said it sold 201 billion cigarettes worldwide during the third quarter of 1994.
President Clinton thinks that industrial espionage is a threat to America's well being.
American tobacco companies began to diversify production.
Lopez took documents from GM to VW.
American tobacco companies used state tobacco monopoly liberalization.
There was an industrial espionage case involving GM and VW.
BAT acquired production interests in the Ukraine, Hungary and Russia.
PM cut US prices to restore Marlboro's US standing.
PM acquired three Russian factories.
PM often entered markets with both cigarettes and food.
Sales have declined due to restrictions on advertising.
Britain's Export Credit Guarantee Department underwrites loans to Argentina.
Trade liberalisation happened in China.
The Falklands War took place in 1982.
The acquisition of the Klaipeda Tobacco company is the biggest investment in the Baltic states.
Argentina lifted restrictions on British imports.
Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd visited Argentina.
The military protection zone around Falklands was lifted.
Animals have died by the thousands from drinking at cyanide-laced holding ponds.
Mine waste-water poses an environmental hazard.
Great Britain continues to refuse to discuss sovereignty issues.
Relations between Argentina and Great Britain are growing more cooperative.
A weak cyanide solution is poured over it to pull the gold from the rock.
Britain has maintained an arm embargo.
Britain angered Argentina.
The British indicated readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields.
RJR built factories in Turkey.
Cyanide is used in the production of pharmaceuticals.
Philip Morris made market gains in Russia.
Cigarette sales have declined due to restrictions on advertising.
Philip Morris owns the Marlboro brand.
A California company was charged with reckless storage of chemicals.
11 judges in the Yugoslavia war tribunal were sworn in at the World court.
Cyanide is used in gold mining.
The dispute between Albania and the UK about the Corfu incident lasted a long time.
The mining industry uses a method known as heap leaching.
The Court endorsed U,N, sanctions against Libya.
Prospective drugs must have long market life after regulatory approval in order to be developed.
Other changes involve joint Research and Development programs with other companies.
Cyanide fishing is linked to the destruction of area reefs.
Companies are working to shorten the new drug development period to an average of eight to nine years in the US.
Soap-like alternatives exist.
There are companies that have split the management of their Research and Development processes.
Leaks into environment are caused by bad disposal of toxic waste containing cyanide.
In a poll of the American public, most people approved laws that allow life-support to be removed from a terminally ill patient.
A German nurse was convicted of manslaughter and mercy killing of patients by lethal injection.
Dr, Kevorkian assisted Janet Adkins to use his suicide device.
A plating company dumped cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system.
Mine waste-water poses an environmental hazard.
An Alzheimer patient was in Michigan for an assisted suicide.
Pregnant women are allowed to die after they deliver their babies.
Animals have died by the thousands from drinking at cyanide-laced holding ponds.
In most cases, the patient is comatose or mentally unable to communicate his/her feelings.
The woman in the Kevorkian case injected lethal chemicals into her body.
It was Delbert Ward who told authorities that he strangled his brother.
Cyanide fumes killed five workers cleaning one tank.
Philippine fishermen use cyanide in fishing.
The new thin-casting process shook up the steel industry.
Cameroon honey gatherers use cyanide to stun bees.
Honduras and El Salvador entered a dispute over their borders.
The Corfu Channel incident was about a British destroyer sunk by Albania in the Corfu Channel.
The African elephant population was decimated by poachers.
One case involved the extradition of Libyan suspects in the Pan Am Lockerbie bombing.
The US government wants to keep drug prices down.
African countries encourage keeping animals alive to attract tourists.
The South African-based Conservation Corporation threatens the local population.
The Research and Development phase of creating a new drug is complicated.
Clinical trials involve an average of 200 patients per trial.
In Africa, rhinos are seriously endangered by poaching.
Sustainable forestry and development techniques are being employed.
In the early 1990s Brazil began to take action to save the rainforest.
The Amazon rainforest suffers from chaotic development.
African countries encourage keeping animals alive to attract tourists.
Before the late 1980's some nations even gave land and tax credit to individuals and companies slashing, burning, and exploiting the forest.
Robots are used in the food industry, in general.
Welding is a common use for robots in the auto industry.
Robots are used to assist in a range of surgical procedures.
The automotive industry has seen advances in robotic metal cutting.
Robots serve as wax singers in the Rock Hall of Fame.
Slash and burn cycle of clearing causes many problems in the rainforest.
Fiat, in particular, uses robots for inventory management.
The most common use for robots is the manufacture of automobiles.
Robots are used to spray dye on garments.
Bush said that protests in Indonesia against his Mideast policy were a sign of democracy in the heavily Muslim nation.
Tehran did not cooperate with the U,N, watchdog's attempts to investigate suspicious aspects of Iran's nuclear program.
54,000 centrifuges would produce enough enriched uranium to fuel a 1,000-megawatt reactor.
Iran's program is under suspicion because of the findings by IAEA inspectors.
Mice fed with red wine lived longer despite a fatty diet.
Iran might be trying to make nuclear weapons according to the IAEA board.
Felipe Calderon won the presidential election of Mexico.
Mr Lopez Obrador didn't loose the presidential election in July.
Senator Rosario Ibarra is a human rights militant.
Mr Carstens lost his job as IMF's deputy managing director last month.
There is a profitable trade between China and India.
Management at Huawei was accused of working for Pakistan and the then Taleban government in Afghanistan.
Chinese engineers working on long-term projects in India can easily obtain visas.
Bush is scheduled to visit the city of Bogor.
Dick Cheney is Vice President of the Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
Since 2002 Al-Qaida militants have tried to hit Western interests in Indonesia.
Pierre Gemayel was murdered on a street in the suburb of Beirut.
After the resignation of six pro-Syrian ministers a deep political crises started in Lebanon.
The crisis worsened after the UN draft document for the creation of an international tribunal was approved.
Syrian troops have been withdrawn from Lebanon after the murder of Rafik Hariri.
Tuesday, preliminary quarterly results will be announced.
Democrats won the 2006 elections.
Employee breaks had been denied by a motion granted by a Massachusetts judge.
Jordan will host the meeting between President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
The Carnival Cruise Lines is a brand of Carnival Corp.
Norovirus is the source of the outbreak on the ship.
Bush will meet the presidents of Iraq and Syria in Tehran.
Bush will meet al-Maliki in Hadley.
Jim Lankes was given bottles of waters, ice and rice.
The causes of the outbreak were searched for by a team from the U,S, CDC.
The pills were commercialized by major retailers.
The contaminated pills contained metal fragments.
Contaminated pills could cause minor stomach discomfort or possible cuts to the mouth and throat.
Aspirin is one of the most widely used pain relievers available without a doctor's note.
CVS will not sell its own brand of 500-milligram acetaminophen caplets any longer.
The FDA turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector.
A Class II recall covers products that might cause a temporary health problem.
Acetaminophen is produced by Tylenol.
Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Prize for Peace.
Kevin Vincent buys store brand acetaminophen.
President Bill Clinton is a supporter of "social capitalism".
Molly Walsh plans to stop buying the generic products.
Bill Clapp is the founder of the Global Partnerships.
The FDA provided a list of states in which the pills have been sold.
Yunus started his own bank to loan money to the villagers.
Grameen Bank's loans are used to buy a cow.
Yunus supported more than 50,000 Struggling Members.
The Nobel committee plans to help people break out of poverty.
The House quickly passes bills addressing the priorities of entrepreneurs.
Gates' foundation extends its microfinance programs to 5 million more of the world's poorest families.
Republicans control both Houses and the White House.
Yunus is the first person to win a Nobel Prize.
The Hercules transporter plane made a flight to Pakistan.
Servicemen and women are fighting a war in southern Afghanistan.
Begum was not able to feed herself.
Full English is recommended by New Zealand's Qualifications Authority.
NCEA is the main qualification for high school students.
A U,S, soldier was sentenced to 90 years in jail.
James Barker is accused of raping an Iraqi girl and killing her family.
Three Vienna nurses are under suspicion for killing patients.
Will Grant is researching a conflict with Mexicans.
Mr Calderon is able to create a mass civil disobedience movement.
Democrats won the elections three years ago.
Democrat members had strong small business voting records.
A cocaine-imbibing Miami man had life support removed.
The Senate is the least productive.
There was a Chinook attack.
There is a Supreme Court decision about the removal of life-support.
Martin Page was sent on a mission to Afghanistan.
Steven Jenkins was shot by a friend.
Australia's Broken Hill Proprietary and the US's North Star Steel will build and operate one in the US Midwest.
Haque wants to include English in some exams.
The South African steel manufacturer Iscor plans to develop a mini-mill.
The NCEA has been degraded by the authority.
Tyler Jackson has been sentenced to 18 months.
US Steel may invest in strip casting.
