Crude oil for April delivery traded at $37,80 a barrel, down 28 cents.
Oracle had fought to keep the forms from being released.
iTunes software has seen strong sales in Europe.
All genetically modified food, including soya or maize oil produced from GM soya and maize, and food ingredients, must be labelled.
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases.
Eating lots of foods that are a good source of fiber may keep your blood glucose from rising too fast after you eat.
The Yankees split Hollywood with something to feel OK about after last night&apos;s 5-4 loss to the Dodgers.
Scientists at the Genome Institute of Singapore (GIS) have discovered the complete genetic sequence of a coronavirus isolated from a Singapore patient with SARS.
Phish disbands after a final concert in Vermont on Aug, 15.
Euro-Scandinavian media cheer Denmark v Sweden draw.
Iraqi militants said Sunday they would behead Kim Sun-Il, a 33-year-old translator, within 24 hours unless plans to dispatch thousands of South Korean troops to Iraq were abandoned.
Two Turkish engineers and an Afghan translator kidnapped in December were freed Friday.
If a Mexican approaches the border, he&apos;s assumed to be trying to illegally cross.
Green cards are becoming more difficult to obtain.
Iran will soon release eight British servicemen detained along with three vessels.
The wait time for a green card has risen from 21 months to 33 months in those same regions.
Coal company stocks got a lift Monday morning after an article in Barron&apos;s said the industry was benefiting from soaring natural gas prices and the advent of new power plants that emit less pollution.
The Royal Navy servicemen being held captive by Iran are expected to be freed today.
Total coal stocks with the thermal power stations came down to 9,6 million tonnes on March 3, 2003 from 11 million tonnes on October 1, 2002.
Anorexia in males accounted for approximately six percent of cases seen in an eating disorder clinic.
There are discussions in California and Arizona to allow illegal aliens to have driver&apos;s licenses.
South Korea&apos;s deputy foreign minister says his country won&apos;t change its plan to send three-thousand soldiers to Iraq, despite the kidnapping of a South Korean man there.
Clinton&apos;s new book is not big seller here.
The privately owned spacecraft only got about 400 feet into space, according to radar measurements, but it was enough to confirm that it no longer takes a well-heeled government project to organize space travel.
The media always talk about the Dow being up or down a certain number of points.
The Federal Aviation Administration&apos;s Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation (FAA/AST) has given license approval to Scaled Composites of Mojave, California, permitting the firm to expand flight testing of SpaceShipOne  -- a privately-financed rocket plane to carry passengers to suborbital altitude.
The Los Angeles Lakers rolled over the Indiana Pacers in Wednesday&apos;s the opening round game of the NBA championship series.
World health officials warned yesterday that West Africa and Central Africa were on the verge of the worst polio outbreak in years, stemming from the refusal of a single state in northern Nigeria to vaccinate children against the disease.
The country&apos;s largest private employer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc,, is being sued by a number of its female employees who claim they were kept out of jobs in management because they are women.
The last polio outbreak in the United States was in 1979.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has cleared the way for lesbian and gay couples in the state to marry, ruling that government attorneys &quot;failed to identify any constitutionally adequate reason&quot; to deny them the right.
In June the Supreme Court ruled that anti-sodomy laws are unconstitutional.
Sharon warns Arafat could be targeted for assassination.
Kurdistan Regional Government Prime Minister Dr, Barham Salih was unharmed after an assassination attempt.
Wal-Mart faces huge sex discrimination suit.
International journalists&apos; organisations are accusing the U,S, government of committing war crimes in Iraq by intentionally firing at war correspondents.
It has become increasingly clear that Iran is making rapid progress toward attaining a nuclear weapons capability as U,S, officials have confirmed the presence of various nuclear sites that Tehran has failed to disclose.
A Cuban American who is accused of espionage pleads innocent.
A Syrian-American airman accused of espionage complained about prisoner treatment at the US base in Guantanamo, Cuba.
The Daily Telegraph, most prized asset in Lord Conrad Black&apos;s crumbling media empire, has been sold to Britain&apos;s Barclay twins.
The Daily Mail has confirmed it has pulled out of the bidding for rival newspaper the Daily Telegraph.
On November 25, 2001, a baby Asian elephant was born at the National Zoo in Washington, DC.
The 10-day-old &quot;test-tube&quot; baby elephant born at Colchester Zoo has found a name, thanks to the internet!.
Weinstock painstakingly reviewed dozens of studies for evidence of any link between sunscreen use and either an increase or decrease in melanoma.
Wasp and bee stings can be life threatening if you are allergic to the venom.
The State of California Department of Occupational Health and Safety released its report on the September 5 fatal accident on Disneyland&apos;s Big Thunder Mountain Railroad attraction.
The incident in Mogadishu, the Somali capital, came as U,S, forces began the  final phase of their promised March 31 pullout.
The two attacks last week by the Islamic Resistance Movement, as Hamas is formally known, dramatized for both Israelis and Palestinians the dangers they face in pursuing peaceful coexistence.
But most Israelis, including those sympathetic to the settlers&apos; efforts to reclaim all the territory that was part of the biblical Land of Israel, reacted with horror to the Hebron killings and the subsequent violence.
The Republic of Tajikistan, which declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, is in a region that has changed hands many times.
Soprano&apos;s Square: Milan, Italy, home of the famed La Scala opera house, honored soprano Maria Callas on Wednesday when it renamed a new square after the diva.
&quot;I just hope I don&apos;t become so blissful I become boring,&quot; -- Nirvana leader Kurt Cobain, giving meaning to his &quot;Teen Spirit&quot; coda &quot;a denial&quot;.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was elected March 28 with a mandate to reform Italy&apos;s business regulations and pull the economy out of recession.
Norway&apos;s most famous painting, &quot;The Scream&quot; by Edvard Munch, was recovered Saturday, almost three months after it was stolen from an Oslo museum.
Government forces killed the head of the Armed Islamic Group, or GIA, which has claimed responsibility for killing 61 foreigners in the last year.
&quot;I guess you have to expect this in a growing community,&quot; said Mardelle Kean, who lives across the street from John Joseph Famalaro, charged in the death of Denise A, Huber, who was 23 when she disappeared in 1991.
In the very same room in fall, 1992, George Bush prepped to debate Clinton and Ross Perot in practice sessions with Chief of Staff John H, Sununu.
Camacho is a Mexican version of Japan&apos;s Morihiro Hosokawa -- a pragmatic tactician using a crisis and the attendant outcry for reform to further his political standing.
A farmer who was in contact with cows suffering from BSE -- the so-called mad cow disease -- has died from what is regarded as the human form of the disease.
Doctors who treated Ayrton Senna after he crashed during the San Marino Grand Prix have denied allegations that the Brazilian driver died at the Imola track.
The black Muslim activist said that he had relieved Muhammad of his duties &quot;until he demonstrates that he is willing to conform to the manner of representing Allah and the honorable Elijah Muhammad (founder of the Nation of Islam)&quot;.
Oil prices, notoriously vulnerable to political events, spiked as high as $40 a barrel during the Gulf War in 1991.
Easter is over but that doesn&apos;t mean you can&apos;t enjoy &quot;Ben-Hur,&quot; the granddaddy of biblical epics and winner of a record 11 Oscars, including best picture and best actor (Charlton Heston in the title role).
The anti-terrorist court found two men guilty of murdering Shapour Bakhtiar and his secretary Sorush Katibeh, who were found with their throats cut in August 1991.
The program will include Falla&apos;s &quot;Night in the Gardens of Spain,&quot; Ravel&apos;s Piano Concerto in G, Berlioz&apos;s Overture to &quot;Beatrice and Benedict,&quot; and Roy Harris&apos; Symphony No, 3.
To the world, M, Larry Lawrence, the new U,S, emissary to Switzerland who hosted President Clinton on his Southern California vacation, will be known as Mr, Ambassador.
Amid rumors that China&apos;s 90-year-old senior leader, Deng Xiaoping, is near death, the visit also comes at a propitious moment to establish relationships with top officials, both military and civilian, who are likely to play a role in the post-Deng succession period as China struggles to find a new leader.
While civilians ran for cover or fled to the countryside, Russian forces were seen edging their artillery guns closer to Grozny, and Chechen fighters were offering little resistance.
Former tennis star Vitas Gerulaitis died in such fashion in September, from a lethal carbon monoxide buildup related to the faulty installation of a propane heater.
The two suspects belong to the 30th Street gang, which became embroiled in one of the most notorious recent crimes in Mexico: a shootout at the Guadalajara airport in May, 1993, that killed Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo and six others.
Two midsummer cruises aboard Clipper Adventure Cruises&apos; 140-passenger World Discoverer (July 8 and Aug, 9) will take you to the wind-swept cliffs of the Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea, where cartoon-faced horned and tufted puffins stare.
That prompted Clinton, wife Hillary Rodham Clinton and daughter Chelsea to spend a cold and dreary Saturday in Minsk.
Judie Vivian, chief executive at ProMedica, a medical service company that helps sustain the 2-year-old Vietnam Heart Institute in Ho Chi Minh City (formerly Saigon), said that so far about 1,500 children have received treatment.
A jury is slated to decide for the first time whether Jack Kevorkian, famed as &quot;Dr, Death,&quot; has violated Michigan&apos;s assisted-suicide ban, while the state continues to grapple with the issue of what to allow when the ill want to end their pain by ending their lives.
He endeared himself to artists by helping them in lean years and following their careers, said Henry Hopkins, chairman of UCLA&apos;s art department, director of the UCLA/Armand Hammer Museum and Cultural Center and former director of the Weisman foundation.
Before the game, Alabama Birmingham Athletic Director and Coach Gene Bartow presented Cal State Northridge with a $5,000 check from Rust International Corp,, for earthquake relief.
&quot;For the first time in history, the players are investing their own money to ensure the future of the game,&quot; Atlanta Brave pitcher Tom Glavine said.
Wilson has, after all, produced all three Offspring albums, including &quot;Smash,&quot; the one that has astonished everybody by selling 1 million copies in four months, establishing the heretofore unknown group as the leader, with Green Day, of an unprecedented wave of commercial success for punk.
Historians estimate that 800,000 Chechens were stuffed into rail cars and deported to Kazakhstan and Siberia, and 240,000 of them died en route.
Germans vote for a party, rather than a person, and the left-of-center Social Democrats do not score as well in polls as Scharping himself.
&quot;That film wasn&apos;t too successful, but then &apos;WarGames,&apos; which was successful, came out right when I won the Tony for &apos;Brighton Beach&apos; in 1983.
About half were along a 20-mile stretch of Santa Monica Bay from Topanga Canyon Boulevard to the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
The Chapin Library&apos;s main attraction is its collection of Revolutionary-era documents, including a 1776 printed version of the Declaration of Independence.
20th Century spokesman Rick Dinon said that between the time it applied for the rate increase and changed its mind, the estimated quake losses had ballooned by several hundred million dollars.
In naming Guillermo Ortiz to be Mexico&apos;s finance minister, President Ernesto Zedillo appointed a friend, former colleague and, like himself, a U,S,-trained economist.
This was, after all, Chuck Yeager, a guy with all the right stuff, the biggest top gun of them all, whose post-World War II exploits in the topsy-turvy world of supersonic air travel helped pave the way for space exploration.
Fiat&apos;s Gianni Agnelli, owner of Juventus, was quoted by Italian newspapers as saying that when Baggio came off the field after the Mexico game, &quot;He looked like a wet rabbit,&quot;.
PERSPECTIVE ON BOSNIA; A BALKANS PEACE THAT CANNOT LAST.
Gunmen loyal to Bosnian Serb nationalist leader Radovan Karadzic conquered 70% of Bosnia with their arsenal of tanks, aircraft and howitzers bequeathed by the Yugoslav army.
This year, however, the contest has taken on a new urgency as the Clinton Administration, moving to block the Pyongyang government&apos;s bid to build a nuclear arsenal, has rekindled some of the passion in North Korea&apos;s defiance of the West.
In Seoul, Han confirmed that all North Korean media on Monday had started referring to Kim Jong Il as &quot;His Excellency&quot; or by the term previously reserved for his father, &quot;the Great Leader,&quot; Until now, the younger Kim has been called &quot;the Dear Leader,&quot;.
Swiss police confirmed Thursday that cult leader Luc Jouret was among the dead found in the Order of the Solar Temple&apos;s fire-gutted chalet in the alpine village of Granges-sur-Salvan.
It is an image familiar to many Southern Californians but vividly illustrative in this Egyptian metropolis, where a U,N, conference on global population is trying for the first time to draw clear links between population growth and the environment.
It rewrites the rules of global trade, established by the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, or GATT, in 1947, and modified in multiple rounds of negotiations since then.
But the retired teacher comes down on the other side of an emotional debate about whether Estonia, Sweden and Finland should spend the $70 million needed to raise the Estonia and the estimated 800 bodies entombed inside.
&quot;Mayday! Here is Estonia! Outside Uto lighthouse, We have listed 20 to 30 degrees,&quot; the Finnish Coast Guard quoted the distress signal.
Canada rig count at 148, down 46 compared to last week&apos;s and down 27 compared to last year&apos;s.
A senior coalition official in Iraq said the body, which was found by U,S, military police west of Baghdad, appeared to have been thrown from a vehicle.
U,S, forces have been engaged in intense fighting after insurgents launched simultaneous attacks in several Iraqi cities, including Fallujah and Baqubah.
Paul Bremer, the top U,S, civilian administrator in Iraq, and Iraq&apos;s new president, Ghazi al-Yawar, visited the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk.
Arroyo was the favorite of investors because of her experience as a trained economist and government manager.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0,1 percent to 1573,65.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0,1 percent to 1573,65.
The government operations came a day after guerrillas in camouflage fatigues rampaged through the streets of Nazran, Ingushetia&apos;s capital, firing rocket-propelled grenades at police stations, taking over checkpoints and setting fire to government buildings.
Twenty-five of the dead were members of the law enforcement agencies and the rest of the 67 were civilians.
The Mona Lisa, painted by Leonardo da Vinci from 1503-1506, hangs in Paris&apos; Louvre Museum.
A male gorilla escaped from his cage in the Berlin zoo and sent terrified visitors running for cover, the zoo said yesterday.
Clonaid, which claims to have produced 13 cloned babies worldwide, told the Streats daily newspaper two Singaporean couples had signed deals agreeing to pay $200,000 to conceive children through cloning.
Four days of talks got underway with the US announcing the first significant overture to North Korea since George W Bush took office three years ago.
If you suffer from certain genetic illnesses, or carry a gene for that illness, scientists can take one or two cells to check for those genes and transfer only healthy embryos.
Vodafone&apos;s share of net new subscribers in Japan has dwindled in recent months.
This case is one of the first to be prosecuted under a new U,S, law regulating unwanted e-mail.
Peter Voser, a 46-year-old who joined ABB from Shell 2-1/2 years ago, will rejoin the Anglo-Dutch company on October 4.
Bombs exploded in two Turkish cities Thursday only days before Turkey plays host to a NATO summit.
The terrorist is suspected of being behind several deadly kidnappings and dozens of suicide attacks in Iraq.
However, witnesses said some of the black-clad gunmen who attacked a police station and government buildings in Baquba, 60 km (40 miles) northwest of Baghdad, proclaimed loyalty to Zarqawi and wore yellow headbands linking them to his group.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Thursday asked the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI) to investigate questions arising about the Foreign Ministry&apos;s response to the kidnapping of a South Korean in Iraq who was later killed by Muslim militants, according to Yonhap.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Thursday asked the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI) to investigate questions arising about the Foreign Ministry&apos;s response to the kidnapping of a South Korean in Iraq who was later killed by Muslim militants, according to Yonhap.
Increased storage isn&apos;t all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.
Increased storage isn&apos;t all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.
One year after shareholders approved a massive expansion in its pool of stock options, eBay is asking for more.
Oil prices edged up today as Norwegian employers said they would respond to a strike by locking out all workers next week, threatening to shut off almost all oil and gas output.
Wal-Mart has received a lot of negative publicity recently, including allegations that it used illegal workers and made employees work without pay during lunch breaks, as well as complaints that it generally underpays employees.
Ashley Olsen has decided to remain with her twin sister, Mary-Kate, instead of going on a planned trip to Australia to promote the opening of the siblings&apos; latest movie adventure &quot;New York Minute,&quot; reports the AP.
Ashley Olsen has decided to remain with her twin sister, Mary-Kate, instead of going on a planned trip to Australia to promote the opening of the siblings&apos; latest movie adventure &quot;New York Minute,&quot; reports the AP.
Traditionally, 60 percent of the tickets sold for a stop on the Vans Warped Tour, for example, occur six days prior to the show.
Passions surrounding Germany&apos;s final match at the Euro 2004 soccer championships turned violent when a woman stabbed her partner in the head because she didn&apos;t want to watch the game on television.
Passions surrounding Germany&apos;s final match at the Euro 2004 soccer championships turned violent when a woman stabbed her partner in the head because she didn&apos;t want to watch the game on television.
Draft experts say as many as eight U,S, high school prospects could be taken in the first round of the two-round draft, as well as up to eight international players.
In any case, the fact that this week Michael Melvill, a 63-year-old civilian pilot, guided a tiny rocket-ship more than 100 kilometres above the Earth and then glided it safely back to Earth, is a cause for celebration.
A joint survey by two conservation groups, World Conservation Union and the World Wildlife Fund, says the black rhino population has risen to over 3,600, That is an increase of 500 animals over the last two years.
The German-based team say their study is the only report of prolonged hibernation in a tropical mammal.
Comdex -- once among the world&apos;s largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.
Comdex -- once among the world&apos;s largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.
A variety of devices could be powered selectively from a single-power source carried on the body via multiple power supply signals at different frequencies, according to the patent abstract.
Canadian wireless technology licensing company Wi-LAN has begun legal action against Cisco, alleging the networking giant&apos;s Linksys and Aironet products are making use of its intellectual property without permission.
The organisation reports that it has recently seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and some of these involve modem connections being redirected, unbeknown to the users.
The organisation reports that it has recently seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and some of these involve modem connections being redirected, unbeknown to the users.
A closely divided U,S, Supreme Court said on Thursday its 2002 ruling that juries and not judges must impose a death sentence applies only to future cases, a decision that may affect more than 100 death row inmates.
In Johannesburg, about 500 angry AIDS activists, many wearing red and white T-shirts that said &quot;HIV Positive,&quot; criticized Bush, saying he had hurt the global fight against AIDS by spending billions of dollars on war.
The memorandum noted the United Nations estimated that 2,5 million to 3,5 million people died of AIDS last year.
A compound in breast milk has been found to destroy many skin warts, raising hopes it also might prove effective against cervical cancer and other lethal diseases caused by the same virus.
Only a week after it had no comment on upping the storage capacity of its Hotmail e-mail service, Microsoft early Thursday announced it was boosting the allowance to 250MB to follow similar moves by rivals such as Google, Yahoo, and Lycos.
Saddam Hussein was being treated with &quot;dignity and respect,&quot;.
Shares of Salesforce closed Wednesday at $17,20, more than 50% above their offering price.
Nevertheless, Salesforce,com&apos;s stock--which began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol &quot;CRM&quot;--got a Wall Street reception in line with that of other recent successful tech IPOs.
Binge drinking among young women is on the rise, bringing with it a number of health consequences, including fetal alcohol syndrome.
Other wildlife, such as gemsbok, zebras and springbok, are also dependent on the Ugab wetlands.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3,2 million pounds.
Treasures belonging to Hollywood legend Katharine Hepburn have raised £3,2m at a two-day auction in America.
Hepburn&apos;s family will receive the proceeds from the sale.
Money raised from the sale will go into a trust for Hepburn&apos;s family.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy sold for £174,000.
Hepburn, a four-time Academy Award winner, died last June in Connecticut at age 96.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy sold for £174,000.
The most sought after piece and the most expensive item was a bronze bust of Spencer Tracy that Hepburn created in the 1960s.
Hepburn&apos;s platinum, diamond and sapphire brooch had been estimated to fetch just $20,000, but sold for $120,000, six times its estimated price.
Nichols, 49, was convicted in the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P, Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
Nichols was found guilty May 26 of 161 counts of first-degree murder for 160 victims and an unborn child in a state trial.
A statement said to be from al Qaida, claimed the terror group had killed one American and kidnapped another in Riyadh.
Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy.
Nineteen of the European Union&apos;s 25 member states were voting in the biggest transnational elections ever held, and the first for the EU since the bloc&apos;s expansion into the former communist eastern Europe on May 1.
Voting for a new European Parliament was clouded by concerns over apathy.
Sharon sent dismissal letters to Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman, who oppose his withdrawal plan, on Friday.
The U,S, Army acceded to a request from the local governor to keep U,S, troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf.
Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles, favoured by Western civilian contractors, on the road to Baghdad&apos;s international airport.
Five U,S, soldiers were killed and five wounded Friday in an ambush near the Shiite neighborhood Sadr City.
Heemeyer cut portholes for his guns, then welded a tight enclosure around them so police bullets could not penetrate.
Police found four weapons-two semiautomatic machine guns, a ,223-caliber rifle and two handguns in the vehicle.
Heemeyer equipped an old bulldozer with three television cameras and monitors so he could see to steer.
The 7-4 defeat by Long Beach State, pushed the Cardinal to the brink in the double-elimination format of NCAA regionals.
The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honored with a 21-gun salute.
Reagan announced he had Alzheimer&apos;s disease, an incurable brain affliction.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr, in an attempted assassination, but made a remarkably speedy recovery.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr.
Desko&apos;s Orange beat Navy 1413 on Monday for the Division I title in men&apos;s lacrosse.
Monica Meadows, a 22-year-old model from Atlanta, was shot in the shoulder on a subway car in New York City.
Oil prices this Tuesday rose sharply in New York and London reaching a record 42,33 US dollars per barrel, 2,45 US dollars more than last Friday.
In New York, Nymex light crude oil for July delivery hit $42,38 per barrel on Tuesday.
Traditional performances in Jakarta include wayang dance and drama, gamelan music, and wayang shadow-puppet shows.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.
The Kota ( &quot;Fort&quot; ), or Old City, for example, sometimes called the downtown section, is the central business district and Indonesia&apos;s financial capital.
The Istiqlal Mosque, in the northeast corner of Medan Merdeka opposite Lapangan Banteng, is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.
Jakarta lies on a low, flat alluvial plain with historically extensive swampy areas; the parts of the city farther inland are slightly higher.
Jakarta floods easily during the rainy season.
The Dutch, who ruled Indonesia until 1949, called the city of Jakarta Batavia.
On Feb, 1, 1945, the Polish government made Warsaw its capital, and an office for urban reconstruction was set up.
Jews were confined to the Jewish part of town called a ghetto, and many people there starved to death.
In 1596 the Polish king decided to move the capital from Krakow to Warsaw, making Warsaw the most important city in Poland.
Saint John&apos;s Cathedral is the oldest church in Warsaw.
There are many Baroque churches of the Counter-Reformation period, including the Jesuit Church next to the cathedral and the Church of the Holy Cross, which contains Chopin&apos;s heart.
This became Aquincum when the Romans established a military camp and civilian town there at the end of the 1st century AD.
Budapest is Europe&apos;s largest spa town; there are more than 100 hot springs that spout from Buda&apos;s limestone bedrock.
To the south of Castle Hill rises the higher Gellert Hill ( 771 feet ), a steep limestone escarpment overlooking the Danube, which provides a panoramic view of the whole city.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.
There can be no doubt that the Administration already is weary of Aristide, a populist Roman Catholic priest who in December, 1990, won an overwhelming victory in Haiti&apos;s only democratic presidential election.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti&apos;s first democratically elected president.
Cedras, Biamby, and Francois also led the 1991 coup that drove Aristide, Haiti&apos;s first democratically elected president, from office.
U,S, officials said they hope to install Aristide presidential palace in Port-au-Prince about 10 days after U,S, troops land in Haiti, a schedule that an Aristide aide said is acceptable to the ousted president.
The U,S, handed power on June 30 to Iraqâ€™s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.
The U,S, handed power on June 30 to Iraqâ€™s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.
Iraq became a sovereign country Monday morning, but only a dozen officials were present at the transfer of power ceremony in the heavily guarded Green Zone of Baghdad, Bremer handed over legal documents that were accepted by Iraq&apos;s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.
Guerrillas killed a peasant in the city of Flores.
Metropolitan police personnel specializing in explosives defused the rockets, Some 100 people were working inside the plant.
The extraditables today claimed responsibility for the murder of Antioquia police commander colonel Waldemar Franklin Quintero, which occurred this morning in Medellin.
Leftist guerrillas early Tuesday attacked a residential neighborhood in northern San Salvador where many government and military leaders have their homes.
Movil Access, a Grupo Salinas company, announced today that Gustavo Guzman will appoint Jose Luis Riera as company CFO of Grupo Iusacell.
Movil Access, a Grupo Salinas company, announced today that Gustavo Guzman will appoint Jose Luis Riera as company CFO of Grupo Iusacell.
QNX Software Systems Ltd,, a leading provider of real-time software and services to the embedded computing market, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr, Sachin Lawande to the position of vice president, engineering services.
Stefano Falconi, director of finance at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), has joined Carnegie Mellon as its vice president for administration and chief financial officer, Falconi succeeds Jeff Bolton, who left the university last July to become chief financial officer at the Mayo Foundation in Rochester, Minn.
Brent Frei, the co-founder of midmarket CRM vendor Onyx Software Corp,, plans to step down as chief executive and chairman.
Mark Allen, the company&apos;s president and chief operating officer, will become the new CEO.
C&amp;D Technologies announced that it has closed the acquisition of Datel, Inc.
C&amp;D Technologies announced that it has closed the acquisition of Datel, Inc.
Ssangyong Motor was taken over by creditors after it collapsed under heavy debts during the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis.
The American Defense Department reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircraft carriers and B52 bombers.
The American State Department announced that Russia recalled her ambassador to the United States &quot;for consultation&quot; due to the bombing operations on Iraq.
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital.
An Iraqi official reported today, Saturday, that 68 Iraqi civilians were killed as a result of the American and British bombing on Iraq and that their funerals were held today in Baghdad.
The funeral procession headed to the headquarters of the United Nations Development Programme in Baghdad, where funeral goers held banners denouncing the Americans as &quot;Enemies of God,&quot;.
Baghdad had announced that it will stop cooperating with UNSCOM completely but indicated that it will not ask for their departure.
This opinion poll was conducted on the sixth and seventh of October, and included a cross section of 861 adults with a margin of error estimated at 4%.
Nevertheless, 58 percent of Americans expressed their satisfaction with the President&apos;s job performance, 44 percent supported Nixon at the very beginning of the investigation into Watergate.
Boise and OfficeMax customers will have the opportunity to get involved with the Belief in Hope campaign in a variety of ways.
The Yellowstone Park Foundation recognizes the following organizations for their generous support in helping to protect the wonders and wildlife of Yellowstone National Park.
Ostriches put their heads into the sand to avoid the wind.
In 1997, insurance companies paid out $51,6 billion for prescription drugs.
Representatives from 142 nations are expected to sit down in Doha Qatar, next Friday for the World Trade Organization&apos;s (WTO) fourth Ministerial Conference.
Two women from two counties are dead and police have some clues as to who murdered them.
Trained volunteers are collecting baseline data on water quality, and testing for selected suspected contaminants of the coral reef.
Putin and Bush say Iran doesn&apos;t have evil nuclear ambitions.
Iran is said to give up al Qaeda members.
Hollywood actress Minnie Driver is taking a break from films to work in a sweatshop in Cambodia.
By clicking here, you can return to the login page.
The weapon Inspectors have had since 1991 to peacefully disarm Iraq of its weapons of mass destruction.
Following the successful bid to bring the 2010 Ryder Cup to Wales, the Wales Tourist Board has wasted little time in commissioning work to ensure that the benefits accruing from the event are felt throughout the country.
Located just three miles from Tullamore and only 45 minutes from the K Club, venue of the 2006 Ryder Cup, is Esker Hills, a genuine hidden gem and one of Irish golf&apos;s best kept secrets.
Coronado High School English teacher Lori Rosales has read the Harry Potter books and sees them as educational and something that children can relate to because the stories are timeless.
The magnitude 7 earthquake that occurred today on the Hayward fault (a part of the San Andreas fault system, along the densely populated eastern side of San Francisco bay) caused hundreds of deaths and almost $100 billion of damage.
After insulting the UN committee insinuating they were irrelavant, Bush no sooner had approval from Congress to use &quot;force/war&quot; if Hussein did not permit unfettered access for inspections - and the war ships were moved into place on the Gulf.
Like Jews and Christians, Muslims believe there is only one God.
Muslims are commanded not to take Jews or Christians for friends.
Medieval Christians said the rosary as Catholics still do today: by praying five decades of Ave Marias (Hail Marys), each introduced by a Pater Noster (Our Father), while meditating on three series of five mysteries each.
Then the most important part of the day begins as Muslims go to the mosque, their special place of worship.
During Ramadan, Muslims will gather at the mosque for nightly prayer sessions and evening meals.
Robert Szabo concludes that circumcision, as practiced by Muslims, would be the most immediately effective intervention for reducing HIV transmission since it is done before men are sexually active.
Those teens who are gay, lesbian or confused about their sexuality are also more likely to attempt suicide.
Exercising the powers referred to in article 15, paragraph 3, of the protocol to suppress and punish trafficking in persons, especially women and children, the government of Ecuador makes a reservation with regard to article 15, paragraph 2, relating to the settlement of disputes.
Cyrus captured Babylon without a battle, and remedied the evils done by previous Assyrian and Babylonian rulers by sending prisoners in Babylonia back to their original homelands and aiding in the restoration of temples of the gods of various nations.
After trial, Family Court found defendant guilty of willfully violating the order of protection and sentenced him to six months incarceration.
If this challenge interests you, you might enjoy reading &quot;Punished by Rewards&quot; by Alfie Kohn.
In the year 538, Cyrus set in place a policy which demanded the return of the various gods to their proper places.
American Airlines began laying off hundreds of flight attendants on Tuesday, after a federal judge turned aside a union&apos;s bid to block the job losses.
Only 18 states, including Massachusetts, have specific provisions that allow women who quit their jobs due to domestic violence to qualify for UI.
California voters recall Gray Davis and elect Arnold Schwarzenegger as their governor.
If any legal action is due to enforcement, dispute, breach, or default, the successful party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees and other costs incurred in the actions, in addition to any relief to which they may be entitled.
The trial court may allow the prevailing party reasonable attorney fees as part of costs.
Texas Data Recovery is also successful at retrieving lost data from notebooks and laptops, regardless of age, make or model.
Successful plaintiffs recovered punitive damages in Texas discrimination cases 53% of the time.
The Heads of state reiterated their deep concern for the serious threat that the rising trend in drug abuse poses for society and the lives and future of children and youth, and for the destabilizing effects that illegal use, production, trafficking and distribution of narcotic drugs psychotropic substances and drug-related offences have for the affected countries of the South Asian region.
Swedish massage is used to help relax muscles, increase circulation, remove metabolic waste products, help the recipient obtain a feeling of connectedness, a better awareness of their body and the way they use and position it.
If you &apos;re feeling playful, visit our games area for a game of billiards, surf the Internet or just sit back and relax with a good book from our extensive library, Alternatively, soothe away those tired muscles, aches and pains with a Balinese massage.
Two years ago Moore had a 5,300-pound monument showcasing the Ten Commandments placed in the rotunda of the Judicial Building, which is just down the street from the Capitol, and a federal judge ordered Moore to remove the plaque.
The substances that our company uses do not leave stains, do not have an unpleasant smell and are not toxic.
Moore had the monument, along with other references to God, installed in the rotunda of the Judicial Building six months after he was elected Chief Justice in 2000.
Sentiment is growing in the Bush administration and global energy circles to place Iraqi professionals in charge of their country&apos;s oil production after any war, despite a push by some officials for the United States to seize control of the lucrative oil fields.
The Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931 and their eventual attack on China in 1937 also lead to vast areas of China not being under Chiang&apos;s control.
Microsoft for instance, one of the world&apos;s largest software companies, lost more than an estimated 500 million dollars last year because of software theft.
The richest provinces, Ontario, Alberta and B,C, have spent billions on tax cuts and slashing services while at the same time howling for Ottawa to give them more money for medicare.
It would help the economy by putting people back to work and more money in the hands of consumers.
US Catholic bishops are all but unanimous in believing that Cardinal Law must leave Boston for the good of the church.
The United States would like to see U,N, weapons inspectors return to Iraq providing the Iraqis take concrete, affirmative and demonstrable actions &quot;to show full co-operation&quot; Clinton said.
The decision by the British government to suspend flights to Kenya is regrettable, it plays into the hands of terrorists.
North Korea states intention to restart reactors, throws out IAEA inspectors and takes down inspection cameras, announces immediate withdrawal from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and makes threats of war if the UN or the United States imposes sanctions.
If you have rheumatic heart disease, high blood pressure, or diabetes, or take digitalis drugs, vitamin E can be harmful.
When Albright was the US ambassador to the United Nations, Lesley Stahl of &quot;60 Minutes&quot; asked her about the sanctions and the deaths of Iraqi children, Albright said it was America&apos;s responsibility to make sure the Gulf War did not have to be fought again.
Doug Lawrence bought the impressionist oil landscape by J, Ottis Adams in the mid-1970s at a Fort Wayne antiques dealer.
Warheads believed to contain the deadly nerve agent cyclosarin that were found by Polish troops in Iraq date back to Saddam Hussein&apos;s war with Iran in the 1980s, authorities said Friday.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp,&apos;s new vehicle sales in the US fell 46 percent in June.
The news comes as the owners of Kilroot announced plans to install clean-up equipment at the plant near Carrickfergus at a cost of Â£35 million.
U,S, Embassy spokesman Stanley Shrager said that the Americans hope to help Port-au-Prince&apos;s elected mayor, Evans Paul, return from hiding and resume his post as mayor of the city.
Like the United States, U,N, officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.
Gladys Lauture, a close Aristide friend and longtime supporter, said she and a team of carpenters, plumbers and decorators spent 18 days making Aristide&apos;s Port-au-Prince home livable again.
Juan Antonio Samaranch, president of the International Olympic Committee, left Lillehammer for Sarajevo to pay tribute to the besieged host city of the 1984 Winter Games.
City officials fired the captain of the crashed Staten Island ferry.
Budapest again became the focus of national political drama in the late 1980s, when Hungary led the reform movement in eastern Europe that broke the communist monopoly on political power and ushered in the possibility of multiparty politics.
In Wednesday&apos;s filing, Google said it planned to complete the IPO &quot;as soon as practicable,&quot;.
Al-Jazeera broadcasts to millions of Arab viewers from headquarters in Doha, Qatar.
The new study refutes earlier findings by researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles, who concluded that the odds of getting head and neck cancers rose in tandem with the frequency and duration of marijuana use.
Kessler&apos;s team conducted 60,643 face-to-face interviews with adults in 14 countries.
Investigators described the gunman as white, about 30 years old, of medium build with shoulder-length, wavy blond hair and as having a &quot;scruffy&quot; or &quot;grunge&quot; appearance.
The body of Satomi Mitarai was found by a teacher after her attacker returned to class in bloody clothes.
Witnesses told police a gas canister exploded to start the fire in a multilevel building which houses the Ycua Bolanos supermarket, a food court and a parking garage, causing the bottom floor to collapse.
Gross domestic product, a measure of total output within the nation&apos;s borders, climbed at a 3% annual pace in the April-June period.
Intel has decided to push back the launch date for its 4-GHz Pentium 4 desktop processor to the first quarter of 2005.
The last Australian to win Miss Universe was Perth&apos;s Kerry Anne Wells in 1972.
The city continued to grow through much of the 20th century.
This growth proved short-lived, for a Swedish invasion ( 1655-56 ) devastated the flourishing city of Warsaw.
A car bomb exploded outside a U,S, military base near Baji.
Because of Reagan&apos;s economic strategy, the federal budget deficit ballooned.
Once called the &quot;Queen of the Danube,&quot; Budapest has long been the focal point of the nation and a lively cultural centre.
nician with Britain&apos;s Sunday Times newspaper.
Pakistani officials announced that two South African men in their custody had confessed to planning attacks at popular tourist spots in their home country.
Meadows scored a bit part in a January episode of &quot;Law &amp; Order&quot;.
Authorities say Monica Meadows, who has appeared in catalogs and magazines, is in stable condition.
According to tradition, they founded Tenochtitlan ( &quot;Place of the High Priest Tenoch&quot; ) after much wandering when they saw on an island in Lake Texcoco the sign that their god Huitzilopochtli had indicated -- an eagle perched on a cactus, eating a serpent .
Prosecutors were still expected to unseal an 11-count manslaughter indictment against the ferry&apos;s captain, Michael Gansas, He violated procedure by his absence from the wheelhouse during docking, when Smith lost control of the ferry.
The Golden Flyers set a school record this year with 16 victories.
The city ferry fleet shuttles about 70,000 people a day between Staten Island and Manhattan, a 5,2-mile trip across New York Harbor that takes about 25 minutes.
Rozsa ( Rose ) Hill , the third hill near the river, lies north of Castle Hill.
Only 14 percent of U,S, mothers exclusively breast-feed their babies for the minimum recommended six months.
Francis Deng believes the government will be receptive to the plan to deploy 1,800 peacekeeping troops.
Recreational marijuana smokers are no more likely to develop oral cancer than nonusers.
Coextensive with the metropolitan district of Jakarta Raya, it lies at the mouth of the Ciliwung ( Liwung River ) on the northwest coast of Java.
Six hostages in Iraq were freed.
The GDP report showed growth in business outlays advanced at a solid 8,9% pace.
Israel plans to increase the share of gas in its energy balance to 25 percent by 2025 from the current 1 percent.
A senior al-Qaeda operative who was said to be planning an attack on Heathrow Airport has been arrested.
For women who are HIV negative or who do not know their HIV status, breastfeeding should be protected, promoted and supported for six months.
Saudi Arabia was boosting its production.
The city&apos;s motto is Contemnit procellas, which means, &quot;It defies the storms,&quot;.
Hacking reported his wife missing on July 19, a Monday.
With $549 million in cash as of June 30, Google can easily afford to make amends.
At the southeastern tip of the city, Xochimilco, another small town subsumed by the city, is a popular tourist destination because of its chinampas, or &quot;floating gardens,&quot; boats made out of reeds on which the Indians have grown plants since pre-Columbian times.
Google Inc, is delaying its IPO by a week because of logistical problems related to institutional investors registering to bid on the shares.
Prosecutors were still expected to unseal an 11-count manslaughter indictment against the ferry&apos;s captain, Michael Gansas.
The latest attacks targeted the U-S embassy and a top prosecutor&apos;s office in the Uzbek capital.
Abu Musa al-Hindi was arrested following a tip-off from Pakistani Intelligence who claimed that he was receiving direct orders from Osama bin Laden.
Even more than other economic activities, Mexico&apos;s financial services are concentrated in the capital.
Benjamin Vanderford, 22, said he posted the 55-second clip, which shows a knife sawing against his neck, on an online file-sharing network in May.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr, in an attempted assassination on March 30, 1981.
Jennifer Hawkins is the 21-year-old beauty queen from Australia.
The board of Marks &amp; Spencer will take another look at Philip Green&apos;s increased takeover offer.
A brother of Colombia&apos;s education minister has been killed by Marxist rebels who kidnapped him three years ago.
CBS newsman Harry Reasoner is returning to his Iowa hometown to get married Saturday.
The program, financed with a grant from the UN Agency for International Development, is aimed at reducing infant mortality in Madagascar, an island nation in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
Bosch was found innocent in Venezuela of the bombing charges for a third time Aug, 7.
The organizing committee said 65 countries have entered the Lillehammer Olympic Games, matching the number of nations at the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville, France.
Queen Victoria died in 1901, at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight.
DAYTON, Ohio, A cargo plane bound for Montreal with a small quantity of hazardous chemicals crashed and exploded shortly after takeoff.
Schroder Investment Management has indicated its intention to accept Revival&apos;s offer to buy retailer Marks &amp; Spencer.
Sirhan Sirhan, a Jordanian immigrant, was convicted of murdering Kennedy and is serving a life term at Soledad Prison.
Christoffer&apos;s family was identified only as an Air Force family living in Southern California.
Romano Prodi will meet the US President George Bush in his capacity as president of the European commission.
Rome is in Lazio province and Naples in Campania.
Like the United States, U,N, officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.
Illinois born Charlton Heston was a 27-year-old actor from Broadway and television when he arrived in Hollywood for a five-picture contract with Hal Wallis.
Deployment of workers to Iraq has been halted after the reported hostage-taking of a Filipino man by gunmen.
He graduated from high school from Benton, Tenn, and from Tennessee Tech, in Cookville, and holds a doctorate in physics from Virginia Tech.
&quot;Sculptures by Duane Hanson&quot; is an exhibition of lifelike people sculptures created by this Minnesota born artist.
Oil prices eased back from record high levels after Russia&apos;s justice ministry said embattled oil giant Yukos can continue oil production and sales.
As a real native Detroiter, I want to remind everyone that Madonna is from Bay City, Mich,, a nice place in the thumb of the state&apos;s lower peninsula.
In 1865, John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln, was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green, Va,, and killed.
Oil prices fall back as Yukos oil threat lifted.
There can be no doubt that the Administration already is weary of Aristide, a populist Roman Catholic priest who in December, 1990, won an overwhelming victory in Haiti&apos;s only democratic presidential election.
Sonia Gandhi can be defeated in the next elections in India by BJP.
Yount, who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren, was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer, a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg, Pa.
BTA said those injured in the fire at Borovets, 22 miles southeast of Sofia, were from Britain, the Soviet Union, West Germany, the Netherlands, Greece and Denmark.
Like the United States, U,N, officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti&apos;s first democratically elected president.
With South Carolina being Jesse Jackson&apos;s home state, there was a very strong incentive in the black community.
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti&apos;s first democratically elected president.
Twenty years ago, on June 6, 1968, Sen, Robert F, Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles, 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan.
Crude oil prices shot to new highs yesterday as markets reacted to a threat by Russian authorities to shut down most of the production from that country&apos;s largest oil company.
Teenage sensation Wayne Rooney powered England into the quarter-finals of Euro 2004 with two goals in Monday&apos;s 4-2 defeat of Croatia and they were joined in the last eight by champions France who beat Switzerland 3-1.
Los Angeles Mayor James Hahn, along with top members of the Automobile Club of Southern California, along with will announce the kickoff of a $9 billion plan to fund Los Angeles County&apos;s Top Ten Traffic Busters.
Lennon was murdered by Mark David Chapman outside the Dakota on Dec, 8, 1980.
The plan was released by Mr Dean on behalf of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tommy Thompson, still recovering from a recent accident, at a Secretarial Summit on Health Information Technology that was attended by many of the nation&apos;s leaders in electronic health records.
In 1973, the United States and Communist China agreed to establish liaison offices in Beijing and Washington.
The Irish Sales, Services and Marketing Operation of Microsoft was established in 1991.
P, Prayong, who like Kevala belongs to the Theravada sect of Buddhism, chose India over other Buddhist majority nations as it is the birthplace of Gautama Buddha.
The organizers of the 15th International AIDS Conference, scheduled for next month in Bangkok, Thailand, on Saturday responded to press reports that a prominent hotel in Bangkok discriminated against HIV-positive visitors attending a different conference this month.
The G8 summit, held June 8-10, brought together leaders of the world&apos;s major industrial democracies, including Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, United Kingdom, European Union and United States.
Three of its five permanent members, France, Russia and China, are pushing the U,N, Security Council to lift the embargo on Iraq.
Mr Green, Marks &amp; Spencer&apos;s new owner, has made a lot of money by taking over underperforming businesses.
In an address to the IAEA board of governors in Vienna, Hans Blix said a technical team that visited North Korea last month found that &quot;facilities subject to the freeze were not in operation and that construction work had stopped,&quot;.
The U,S, handed power on June 30 to Iraq&apos;s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.
The first Windows DNA lab outside Microsoft was established in suburban Philadelphia in June 1998.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders about the election of the EU commission president.
Romano Prodi will meet the US President George Bush in his capacity as president of the European commission.
The Anzio beachhead, 33 miles south of Rome, saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II, and accounted for many of the 10,000 US battle deaths in Italy in the first half of 1944.
Crude oil dips below $43 on news that Russia&apos;s justice ministry will not force Yukos to halt sales.
The White House failed to act on the domestic threat from al Qaeda prior to September 11, 2001.
No Weapons of Mass Destruction Found in Iraq Yet.
A priest who served in the Diocese of Metuchen in the mid-1980s has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually abusing a Massachusetts boy.
Eilat, Israel&apos;s most southerly port and the country&apos;s only access to the Red Sea, has long been a winter destination for tourists, 80% of whom are Europeans attracted by its temperate climates and clear waters.
On the eve of a widely anticipated retaliation against Russian forces in Grozny, military commanders withdrew key units from the city, leaving it vulnerable to guerrilla infiltration.
No stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction have been found in Iraq since Saddam&apos;s regime was toppled in a US-led invasion last year.
The Scots pioneered the idea of a single currency, when they shared the Ecu with France during the Auld Alliance, and therefore they are certain to join in the monetary union process again when the EU states amalgamate their currencies under Maastricht.
Hippos do come into conflict with people quite often.
Acid attacks on women are carried out across Asia, with reports of such incidents from Burma, Cambodia, India and Pakistan.
Dr, Amy Joy Lanou, director of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine in America, was quick to point out health dangers of the Atkins diet.
Turkey is unlikely to become involved in, or allow U,S, forces to use Turkish territory in a Middle East war that does not threaten her territory directly.
Security preparations kept protestors at bay at the recent G8 Summit on Sea Island (USA).
Scripps Memorial Hospital Encinitas emergency room doctors and nurses treat two to three injured surfers.
It would create an underclass of illiterate and impoverished residents, deprived of basic skills, including English-language skills, necessary for the integration of immigrant children into our society and our work force.
There is none, They found as many weapons in this masjid as they found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
The Security Council voted in 2002 to protect U,S, soldiers and personnel from other nations that haven&apos;t ratified the creation of the court through a treaty, and last June renewed the immunity for a year.
The council prohibited any travel outside of Haiti by all officers of the Haitian military and police and all major participants in the September, 1991, coup.
Winning Team John C, Harsanyi, John F, Nash and Reinhard Selten were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics, The three professors were singled out for their unique contributions to game theory, derived from studies of games such as poker or chess, in which players have to think ahead and devise a strategy based on expected countermoves from opponents.
NIH&apos;s FY05 budget request of $28,8 billion includes $2 billion for the National Institute of General Medical Sciences, a 3,4-percent increase, and $1,1 billion for the National Center for Research Resources, and a 7,2-percent decrease from FY04 levels.
Swedish Foreign Minister murdered.
Baghdad had announced that it will stop cooperating with UNSCOM completely but indicated that it will not ask for their departure.
An Iraqi official reported today, Saturday, that 68 Iraqi civilians were killed as a result of the American and British bombing on Iraq and that their funerals were held today in Baghdad.
An official of Abyan police, where 16 Western tourists are being held since yesterday, announced that the hostages are held by the Yemeni &quot;Islamic Jihad&quot; group, which is demanding the release of its leader and lifting the embargo on Iraq.
Contact with the press will be restricted to &quot;perodic meetings&quot;, as promised by all three parties, in order to &quot;focus their energies&quot; on the most important issues.
Sultan Al-Shawi, a,k,a the Attorney, said during a funeral held for the victims, &quot;They were all children of Iraq killed during the savage bombing,&quot;.
Scientists had thought all gamma-ray bursts had a standard energy.
U,S, crude settled $1,32 lower at $42,83 a barrel.
The Commission, designated to shed light on crimes and human rights violations during the apartheid period, accuses the African National Congress of carrying out torture and executions without trials in concentration camps, and also of playing an active role in the political violence incidents that took place between 1990 and 1994.
The Commission&apos;s Deputy Chairman, Charles Duelfer, said, &quot;We will keep the inspectors there in the hope that Iraq may back down from its decision,&quot;.
The Prime Minister&apos;s Office and the Foreign Office had earlier purposely asserted that the case is strictly in the jurisdiction of the police and the justice system.
Iraq&apos;s representative to the United Nations, Nizar Hamdoun, announced today, Sunday, that thousands of people were killed or injured during the four days of air bombardment against Iraq.
Ecevit, one of the most senior Turkish politicians, was unable to secure the necessary support from the parties represented in the Parliament in order to form his government.
The American television network &quot;CNN&quot; reported that officials at the American Defense Department (The Pentagon) will recommend halting the bombing on Iraq to President Bill Clinton this evening, Saturday.
The cost of the consumer of the United States fell in June.
The Truth and Reconciliation Commission&apos;s investigators submitted the preliminary results of their work in early October to around 200 organisations and individuals to warn them of charges against them and to give them the opportunity to respond before final drafting of the report.
This explanation was rejected by the Government of Chile, who insist that Pinochet enjoys diplomatic immunity in his capacity as &quot;an elected member in the Senate for life&quot; since leaving the command of the armed forces last March.
Brazil, Australia and Thailand argued that the EU, one of the world&apos;s largest exporters, broke WTO farm rules by exceeding limits on export subsidies laid down under WTO&apos;s 1994 Agreement on Agriculture.
UNSCOM employs about 120 persons in Iraq, including 40 inspectors.
The poll also showed that a higher percentage of Americans (65%) believe that even if the investigation proceedings actually began, Clinton ought not to be removed.
The Damascus public have been welcomed into the election candidate&apos;s private homes or to specially erected tents where voters have been enjoying food, drink and entertainment, particularly in the home of the wealthy candidate, Adnan Mullah, where dozens of supporters and friends have been invited to dinner every evening.
It could mean to leave in the street to thousands of workers.
The source added that the investigation proved that the bases of the genocide crime &quot;were completed with a series of illegal arrests followed in some cases with assassinations or cases of disappearances and were preceded, according to information attached to the file, by cases of torture,&quot;.
Sources in Tegucigalpa reported that many Latin American countries are gearing up to face Hurricane &quot;Mitch&quot;.
Clinton informed the two parties that in the absence of an agreement, a public announcement would be made, with the apparent objective of applying pressure to both sides, particularly the Israelis.
An official of the International Special Commission in charge of disarming Iraqi weapons (UNSCOM) announced yesterday, Saturday, that the Commission will keep its inspectors in Iraq despite Baghdad&apos;s decision to stop its cooperation with them.
The Tunisian Foreign Ministry announced that Libyan leader Colonel Moammar Al Kaddafy arrived in Tunis this morning, Monday, for a &quot;brotherly and recreational&quot; visit, at the invitation of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Bin Ali.
The American House of Representatives is due to vote today, on a resolution submitted by the Chairman of the Judicial Committee, Henry Hyde, asking Congress to launch an investigation over charges brought forward by Independent Prosecutor-General Kenneth Star against President Clinton in the Monica Lewinsky affair.
Nevertheless, 58 percent of Americans expressed their satisfaction with the President&apos;s job performance, 44 percent supported Nixon at the very beginning of the investigation into Watergate.
Security authorities have declared a state of maximum emergency in Guatemala, which is located directly in the path of the hurricane.
The Yemeni Islamic Jihad group emerged in 1992, and it is comprised of old warriors from Afghanistan.
Greenspan&apos;s stance has underpinned predictions the Fed will raise rates steadily this year.
A statement issued by Royal Moroccan Airlines, a copy of which was received by Agence France Presse today, said that the company decided to start two flights a week between Casablanca and Gaza as soon as the Palestinian airport is opened there.
Eddeh reasserted his opinion that President Al-Hrawi ought to be reinstated for another 3 years, claiming that the he &quot;has considerable experience in the running of the state, but his resignation would be appropriate after the withdrawal of Israeli and Syrian forces,&quot;.
Both candidates are making a major push in Iowa.
Slavkov, accused in the Salt Lake scandal but later cleared, said he had been approached by Takatch.
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital.
It was like hitting the jackpot.
Israel controls an area of about 850 square kilometres in the south of the Lebanese Republic, while Syria has about 30 thousand soldiers over two thirds of the Lebanese territory.
Ramadan told reporters at the opening ceremony of the Baghdad International Exposition, &quot;No cooperation and no inspection or monitoring by the American Zionist espionage commission (the Special Commission for disarming Iraq&apos;s banned weapons - UNSCOM) before Iraq&apos;s demands are met,&quot;.
The Iraqi Foreign Minister, Mohammad Said Al-Sahaf, met today with the new ambassadors and briefed them &quot;on the Iraqi diplomacy directives of escalating the move toward lifting the blockade imposed on Iraq and developing relations with various countries of the world,&quot;.
Journalists of the concealed BBC, that was made happen through advisers of London industralists, asked Slavkov.
The American State Department announced that Russia recalled her ambassador to the United States &quot;for consultation&quot; due to the bombing operations on Iraq.
The American television network &quot;A,B,C,&quot; quoted undisclosed sources at the American Defense Department today, Thursday, saying that the intense bombing operations on Iraq may cease by the end of this week.
U,S, consumer spending dived in June.
The Croatian will face competition, especially from the American of Chinese origin, Michael Chang, second-seeded in the tournament, Organizers hope that the tournament will contribute to advancing tennis in their countries.
Aziz confirmed that Iraq&apos;s demands include &quot;the lifting of the blockade and the restructuring of the espionage commission, including its Chairman, (Richard) Butler.
The girl was found in Drummondville.
The report catalogues 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.
The witness then spotted Rodriguez crouching behind a gate for protection.
His family has steadfastly denied the charges.
Alcohol now fuels 44 percent of all violent crime and 70 percent of Accident and Emergency hospital admissions at peak times are due to booze.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.
Protesters, many from organized pro-government groups but including many ordinary citizens, carried anti-American banners and chanted slogans attacking U,N, Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his close alignment with U,S, policy.
The report catalogues 10 missed opportunities within the CIA and FBI to uncover pieces of the September 11 plot.
The report faults intelligence agencies for a &quot;lack of imagination&quot; in not anticipating that al Qaeda could attack the United States using hijacked aircraft.
Iraq would have been an unsafe, unsecure country that did pose a threat to the world.
Rodriguez told detectives he never touched the burning backpack, which was loaded with plastic pipes packed with gunpowder and BBs.
Blair has sympathy for anyone who has lost their lives in Iraq.
Profits nearly doubled to nearly $1,8 billion.
Iraq would have been an unsafe, unsecure country that did pose a threat to the world.
Five other soldiers have been ordered to face courts-martial.
The prosecutor told the court that the incident had caused &quot;distress&quot; to one of the children.
Bomb-sniffing dogs were brought to Rodriguez&apos;s Mulberry St, apartment.
Rich and poor nations struck a historic deal on Sunday to slash billions of dollars in farm subsidies, create more open industrial markets and revive stalled world trade talks that could boost global growth.
Relatives of a missing woman and her husband said late Saturday that new information from the husband has prompted them to call off a volunteer search for the woman.
Kerry hit Bush hard on his conduct on the war in Iraq.
A matching fingerprint was discovered on the strap.
Saudi Arabia, the biggest oil producer in the world, was once a supporter of Osama bin Laden and his associates who led attacks against the United States.
Quebec woman and her mother accused of plotting to kill a four-year-old girl.
Rodriguez was spotted by a witness running away from the stairwell where the backpack was found seconds before it went off.
The Osaka World Trade Center is the tallest building in Western Japan.
&quot;It&apos;s Only a Play&quot; is Terrence McNally&apos;s &quot;Give My Regards to Broadway,&quot; a lightweight tribute to the theater as seen from the lofty but limited vantage point of Broadway artists who are consumed by New York&apos;s hit/flop mentality.
Macedonian Milcho Manchevski&apos;s &quot;Before the Rain&quot; and Taiwanese Tsai Ming-liang&apos;s &quot;Aiqing Wansui/Vive L&apos;Amour&quot; shared the Golden Lion award for best film.
Jigish Avalani, group manager of Windows DNA marketing at Microsoft, explains that Windows DNA refers to the Windows Distributed interNet Application architecture, launched by Microsoft in fall of 1997.
After the 1979 Soviet invasion and occupation, 3 million Afghans fled to Pakistan, which was encouraged by hefty Western aid to take them in.
Andreessen, who helped define the Internet revolution as part of team that created the first Internet browser (Mosaic) and his co-founding Netscape, told a packed hall at the San Francisco Marriott hotel Thursday that he is &quot;extremely committed&quot; to his startup Loudcloud.
Microsoft Israel was founded in 1989 and became one of the first Microsoft branches outside the USA.
The demands on Italy&apos;s 53rd postwar government are apparent, as are the resentment and uncertainties Berlusconi has roused at the head of a new party with the catchy name Forza Italia (Go, Italy).
In 1969, more than 500 million people around the world sat in front of television sets, watching grainy images of two men in white bulky spacesuits planting a U,S, flag on the lunar landscape with its black horizon.
Thus began the journey that led Hannam, a 29-year-old free-lance journalist, on an international quest to solve one of the greatest mysteries of Asia: What happened to Lin Piao, the Chinese Communist Party leader accused of a 1971 plot to overthrow Chairman Mao.
The slender tower is the second tallest building in Japan.
At eurodisney, once upon a time is now in this magical kingdom where childhood fantasies and make-believe come to life.
On his oak mantelpiece are a drinking bowl from Lake Turkana and an East African gourd, both of which he bought in Nairobi where he went in the fall of 1993 to visit Kitum Cave, the suspected host site for the Marburg virus, which is closely related to Ebola.
Hoover&apos;s director reports directly to Stanford&apos;s president.
The human species may be more than 100,000 years old but the bulk of its numerical growth has come in just the last few decades: 2,6 billion of today&apos;s 5,6 billion people have been born since 1960.
VCU School of the Arts In Qatar is located in Doha, the capital city of Qatar.
In 1954, in a gesture of friendship to mark the 300th anniversary of Ukrainian union with Russia, Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev gave Crimea to Ukraine.
On this particular trip, Airbus, in cooperation with its partners, organized a trip for 80 children between the ages of 9 and 16 years from nearby National Children&apos;s Homes to visit EuroDisney for a day.
&quot;We&apos;ve never had a core (business) thing,&quot; founder Richard Branson told Reuters at the launch this month of Virgin Vodka, which, with Virgin cola and Virgin computers, are his latest bright ideas.
Although Eurodisney is a great family day out, visit also the chateaux in the area and the various parks and pretty small villages.
Brown brushed off a threat made Monday by his counterpart, Foreign Trade Minister Wu Yi, that if China&apos;s effort to join the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) by the year&apos;s end is unsuccessful, Beijing will no longer be bound by previous trade and economic commitments.
In fact, Woolsey had had no first-hand experience with the world of spies until President Bill Clinton appointed him Director of Central Intelligence.
Witnesses of genocide attacks on minority Tutsis in Rwanda are being singled out for execution by extremist Hutus in refugee camps in southwest Rwanda, a U,N, spokesman said in Kigali, the capital.
Prince Charles was previously married to Princess Diana, who died in a car crash in Paris in August 1997.
To avoid further price-gouging, Norway&apos;s Ministry of Government Administration announced that it was freezing prices on lodging, food and beverages in the Lillehammer area during the Winter Olympics.
The Hotel Moulin de Paris in 2,5km away from Disneyland Paris, and is located in the charming city of Magny-Le-Hongre.
The county Board of Supervisors accepted more than $700,000 in state grants Tuesday to extend a program that provides the controversial drug azidothymidine -- AZT -- to low-income residents with AIDS or AIDS-related illnesses.
Now it&apos;s Romania-Argentina at the Rose Bowl today -- and with a victory, it&apos;s on to the quarterfinals at Stanford, and a victory there and Romania will be back in Pasadena for the semifinals and World Cup final.
Jacqueline B, Wender is Assistant to the President of Stanford University.
For hundreds of family members holed up in a hotel not far from the Stockholm ferry terminal, where the boat Estonia was to have docked Wednesday morning after an overnight trip from the Estonian capital of Tallinn, the suspended rescue effort was just the latest in a day of heartbreaking reports.
A remastered version of Paramount&apos;s &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany&apos;s,&quot; starring Audrey Hepburn, is scheduled for release Nov, 2 at $40.
The main race track in Qatar is located in Shahaniya, on the Dukhan Road.
Yoko Ono, widow of murdered Beatles star John Lennon, has plastered the small German town of Langenhagen with backsides.
Practically every architect of international stature has vied for the bonanza of public and private projects -- including Renzo Piano, Peter Eisenman, Philip Johnson, Rafael Moneo, Helmut Jahn and Richard Rogers.
There are more than 4,000 street children in the capital city of Ulan Bator.
Twelve of Jupiter&apos;s moons are relatively small and seem to have been more likely captured than to have been formed in orbit around Jupiter.
In 1932 he joined the then illegal Communist party and held high government and party posts from 1942, becoming home secretary in 1948, when the Communist party took control in Hungary.
The tallest building in Tokyo and the second tallest building in Japan, the TMGO was conceived as a high-tech center from which Tokyo could be led into the promising twenty-first century.
Grieving father Christopher Yavelow hopes to deliver one million letters to the queen of Holland to bring his children home.
&quot;How come a country (Vatican City), a so-called country, that is in essence 800 square acres of office space in the middle of Rome, that has a citizenry that excludes women and children, seems to attract the most attention in talking about public policy that deals with women and children?&quot; she demanded.
Protest votes as citizens of the 25 EU nations punished their governments.
Merrill Lynch &amp; Co, and Smith Barney, now a unit of Citigroup, in 1998 settled discrimination cases involving hundreds of female employees.
A second man, aged 24, technically freed yesterday was bailed after being questioned over alleged forged identity documents, but has been further detained on immigration matters, a spokesman for Scotland Yard said.
U,S, light crude was trading erratically on the New York Mercantile Exchange, hitting $44,50 a barrel before easing back a bit to $44,10, still a gain of $1,27.
A rocket attack killed two Israelis, including a 3-year-old boy.
It found that binge drinking in women aged 18 to 44 increased in the United States by 13 percent between 1999 and 2002.
Two bombs planted near an Islamic school in Pakistan killed eight people and injured 42 others yesterday in the latest outbreak of violence gripping the southern port of Karachi.
Harvey Weinstein, the co-chairman of Miramax, who was instrumental in popularizing both independent and foreign films with broad audiences, agrees.
On opening day Salesforce,com&apos;s stock was up $6,20 to $17,20, a 56,4% increase over the initial offering price of $11.
Even though the rug was ripped out from under Lollapalooza this week, Jane&apos;s Addiction frontman Perry Farrell is optimistic that the eclectic music festival he co-founded in 1991 will resurface and it might be sooner than you think.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders by telephone later this week in an effort to find an agreed candidate.
After giving nearly 5,000 people a second chance at life, doctors are celebrating the 25th anniversary of Britian&apos;s first heart transplant which was performed at Cambridgeshire&apos;s Papworth Hospital in 1979.
More than 150 dolphins, marine turtles and beaked whales have been washed up dead on beaches in Africa.
The so-called &quot;grandmother hypothesis&quot;, based on studies of African hunter-gatherer groups, suggests that infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing despite being unable to produce children themselves.
The kidnappers want the Kuwaiti firm that employs the men to stop doing business in Iraq and to pay compensation to the victims of U,S, strikes in Falluja.
Protest votes as citizens of the 25 EU nations punished their governments for everything from high unemployment to involvement in Iraq.
Wal-Mart has received a lot of negative publicity recently, including allegations that it used illegal workers and made employees work without pay during lunch breaks, as well as complaints that it generally underpays employees.
Following the assassination attempt in 1981, Reagan said he felt God had spared him for a purpose, and he intended to devote the rest of his life in dedication to his God and to that purpose.
Abu Eisa al-Hindi was said to have been involved in a plot to attack Heathrow airport, details of which were allegedly discovered on the computer of Abu Eisa al-Hindi, 25, an al-Qa&apos;ida suspect recently arrested in Pakistan.
AT&amp;T Corp, says it will stop selling traditional local and long-distance residential service in seven states, blaming its move on a court decision that it says will result in higher prices for its use of regional networks.
Infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing despite being unable to produce children themselves.
The so-called &quot;grandmother hypothesis&quot;, based on studies of African hunter-gatherer groups, suggests that infertile women are vital for successful child-rearing despite being unable to produce children themselves.
Cool, humid weather Sunday helped slow the advance of a fire that caused the evacuation of hundreds of homes and businesses in Alaska&apos;s Interior.
The Securities and Exchange Commission&apos;s new rule to beef up the independence of mutual fund boards represents an industry defeat.
Oil prices edged up today as Norwegian employers said they would respond to a strike by locking out all workers next week, threatening to shut off almost all oil and gas output.
Startling new research into mobile phones claims they may reduce a man&apos;s sperm count by up to 30%.
Ahern, who was travelling to Tokyo for an EU-Japan summit yesterday, will consult with other EU leaders by telephone later this week in an effort to find an agreed candidate to presidency of the European commission.
Saginaw police responded to a domestic violence complaint at the wrong house and ended up shooting the owners&apos; dog.
President Bush returned to the Mountain State to celebrate Independence Day, telling a spirited crowd yesterday that on its 228th birthday the nation is &quot;moving forward with confidence and strength,&quot;.
Medicare will select by lottery 10 percent of those who apply by Aug, 16 to begin receiving benefits starting Sept, 1.
The terrorist is suspected of being behind several deadly kidnappings and dozens of suicide attacks in Iraq.
Toshiba has produced a fuel cell with no moving parts.
Speaking outside the hospital moments after getting her child back, Ciancio said she was confident all along that the baby would be found.
The SEC&apos;s new rule to beef up the independence of mutual fund boards represents an industry defeat.
Political leaders pledged that construction of the so-called Freedom Tower -- which will rise 1,776 feet into the air and be the world&apos;s tallest building -- will be finished on schedule by the end of 2008.
Wal-Mart Stores has asked a US federal appeals court to review a judge&apos;s order approving class-action status for a sex-discrimination lawsuit.
Protest votes as citizens of the 25 EU nations punished their governments for everything from high unemployment to involvement in Iraq.
The nine men, aged between 19 and 32, are being held at Paddington Green high security police station in central London.
The Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera reports it has received a statement and a videotape from militants.
Wal-Mart Stores has asked a US federal appeals court to review a judge&apos;s order approving class-action status for a sex-discrimination lawsuit.
Jessica Litman, a law professor at Michigan&apos;s Wayne State University, has specialized in copyright law and Internet law for more than 20 years.
Ralph Fiennes, who has played memorable villains in such films as &apos;Red Dragon&apos; and &apos;Schindler&apos;s List,&apos; is to portray Voldemort, the wicked warlock, in the next Harry Potter movie.
One of two men &quot;released&quot; early on Saturday Mohammed Dawoud, 19, of Willesden, north-west London will appear before Horseferry Road magistrates&apos; court today charged with possession of forged identity documents, police said.
Scotland Yard has been granted two more days to question nine of the 13 men arrested in co-ordinated anti-terrorism raids across the country last Tuesday.
Suncreams designed for children could offer less protection than they claim on the bottle.
Medicare will begin paying later this year for certain oral cancer drugs and intravenous drugs that can be self-administered under a $500 million demonstration project unveiled yesterday.
One of the dead was a child, passing by with his parents, said Iqrar Abbasi, a doctor at Civil Hospital Karachi.
Time Warner is the world&apos;s largest media and Internet company.
After watching fireworks yesterday evening in Cedar Rapids, Kerry went to his wife&apos;s suburban Pittsburgh farm, where he was expected to hold a barbecue for supporters this afternoon.
Vice President Dick Cheney on Tuesday hurled an obscenity on the Senate floor to punctuate an angry exchange with Vermont Sen, Patrick Leahy as all senators gathered for their annual photo.
Chancellor Schroeder has presided over three years of almost zero growth in the economy and an unemployment rate that has remained stubbornly above four million people.
Two bombs planted near an Islamic school in Pakistan killed eight people and injured 42 others yesterday in the latest outbreak of violence gripping the southern port of Karachi.
CB spokeswoman, Regina Schueller, declined to comment on a report in Italy's La Repubblica newspaper that the ECB council will discuss Mr, Fazio's role in the takeover fight at its Sept, 15 meeting.
eanwhile, in an exclusive interview with a TIME journalist, the first one-on-one session given to a Western print publication since his election as president of Iran earlier this year, Ahmadinejad attacked the &quot;threat&quot; to bring the issue of Iran's nuclear activity to the UN Security Council by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
he chaotic situation unleashed in Bogota last night, with the assasination of Justice Carlos Valencia, began on 28 July in Medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order Judge Maria Elena Diaz.
e met U,S, President, George W, Bush, in Washington and British Prime Minister, Tony Blair, in London.
unday's earthquake was felt in the southern Indian city of Madras on the mainland, as well as other parts of south India, The Naval meteorological office in Port Blair said it was the second biggest aftershock after the Dec, 26 earthquake.
 powerful bomb, hidden in a truck, exploded outside the headquarters of Colombia's secret police, Wednesday, causing severe damage, Bogota mayor Andres Pastrana said.
uslims make up some 3,2 million of Germany's 82 million people, and Turks represent two thirds of the minority.
,C, Milan is in second place with 13 points, after two first-half goals from captain Paolo Maldini earned them a 2-1 victory over Reggina, .
n 12 August, the San Carlos Battalion came across mines placed in their path and one soldier was killed while two were seriously injured, Meanwhile on 10 August, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise and dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle.
uring that time, Wilson received the best-play Tony Award for &quot;Fences,&quot; plus best-play Tony nominations for six of his other plays, the Pulitzer Prize for both &quot;Fences&quot; and &quot;The Piano Lesson,&quot; and (a record) seven New York Drama Critics' Circle prizes.
uslims make up some 3,2 million of Germany's 82 million people, and Turks represent two thirds of the minority, .
quot;The capacity people have to adjust and make peace with a new situation, even if they feel vulnerable, is really remarkable,&quot; said Randy Quevillon, chair of the psychology department and the Disaster Mental Health Institute at the University of South Dakota.
eanwhile, in an exclusive interview with a TIME journalist, the first one-on-one session given to a Western print publication since his election as president of Iran earlier this year, Ahmadinejad attacked the &quot;threat&quot; to bring the issue of Iran's nuclear activity to the UN Security Council by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
rsenal sneaked a 1-0 victory over Birmingham at Highbury, taking advantage of Stephen Clemence's own-goal in the 81st minute.
n 12 August, the San Carlos Battalion came across mines placed in their path and one soldier was killed while two were seriously injured, Meanwhile on 10 August, urban commandos took a patrol car by surprise and dropped a grenade inside the car, injuring four and partially destroying the vehicle.
ogota, 4 May 88 - The dissemination of a document questioning Colombia's oil policy, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-Castro Army Of National Liberation, which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.
he FMLN has prudently taken time before adopting a definite position, meanwhile the government has increased its detentions and attacked the residences of leaders of the Social Christian People's Movement.
quot;A force majeure is an act of God,&quot; said attorney Phil Wittmann, who represents the New Orleans Saints and owner Tom Benson's local interests.
o-producing the film is Happy Madison, the company owned by Sandler, who has been a compatriot of Schneider's since they met early in their careers, as mutually struggling stand-up comedians in Los Angeles.
lthough they were born on different planets, Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage's new son and Superman have something in common - both were named Kal-el.
ith Washington hinting it might soften its tough stance to break the deadlock, top US negotiator, Christopher Hill, said the two sides needed to review the situation.
ean-Claude Trichet, the European Central Bank president, made it clear, on Wednesday, that he would oppose unwarranted political attempts to remove Antonio Fazio: the Bank of Italy governor, engulfed in controversy over his handling of bank takeover bids.
he assassins of former Defense Minister Enrique Lopez Albujar Trint are presumably members of the Maoist terrorist organization, Shining Path, since the counterterrorism division has identified one of them as Gerardo Olivos Silva, through a composite made from witness' reports.
inda Johnson, who lives with her husband, Charles, and two cats in a rented one-bedroom apartment in San Francisco's Mission District, said Katrina has made her realize she needs to gather together, in one accessible place, her scattered disaster supplies.
exico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) - Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today, in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
rom Joss Stone to Keith Richards to Sting, the artists joining Les on the rock-charged album share one clear common bond: Les Paul is one of their most respected and beloved mentors.
apan's Toshiba Corp, announced Tuesday that it has developed the first laptop computer with its new HD DVD drive: a next-generation disc format it is promoting over a rival standard pushed by Sony Corp.
ilda Swinton has a prominent role as the White Witch in &quot;The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe&quot;, coming out in December.
atricia Amy Messier and Eugene W, Weaver were married May 28 at St, Clare Roman Catholic Church in North Palm Beach.
MLN reports to our people, and to the people of the world, that the massacre against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation [Fenastras] was carried out by Colonel Elena Fuente, as the head of the morbid death squad of the army's 1st Infantry Brigade, in response to our military attack on the army staff.
wo new Les Paul books arrive in stores this year: The Les Paul Legacy by Rob Lawrence is due from Hal Leonard Publishing on October 27.
arabundo Marti National Liberation Front's [FMLN] urban commandos have denied reports they participated in an attack on vice president-elect Francisco Merino's home.
he human rights promotion and protection secretariat of the FMLN strongly condemns the massacre of five Spanish-born Jesuit priests, and three Salvadoran citizens, carried out by the Salvadoran Armed Forces Soldiers.
ack Straw, the Foreign Secretary, will meet his Brazilian counterpart, Celso Amorim, in London today.
he watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency meets in Vienna on September 19, .
olice sources stated that during the bomb attack involving the Shining Path, two people were injured.
lthough they were born on different planets, Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage's new son and Superman have something in common - both were named Kal-el.
lson, 62, previously worked as a partner at Ernst &amp; Young LLP, as a Minnesota bank president and as a congressional aide, before joining the Fed board in 2001, to serve a term ending in 2010.
alero Energy Corp,, on Monday, said it found &quot;extensive&quot; additional damage at its 250,000-barrel-per-day Port Arthur refinery.
e said that his daughter was told that Clark had been cited to General Sessions Court.
lthough Schneider's father, Marvin, died of complications from diabetes only two weeks after &quot;Deuce Bigalow&quot; was released, his Filipino mother Pilar continues to live in Pacifica.
eanwhile, in an exclusive interview with a TIME journalist, the first one-on-one session given to a Western print publication since his election as president of Iran earlier this year, Ahmadinejad attacked the &quot;threat&quot; to bring the issue of Iran's nuclear activity to the UN Security Council by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
inostroza's children told police that four hooded individuals broke into the house and shot their mother after having insulted her.
alero Energy Corp,, on Monday, said it found &quot;extensive&quot; additional damage at its 250,000-barrel-per-day Port Arthur refinery.
teve Jobs was attacked by Sculley and other Apple executives for not delivering enough hot new products and resigned from the company a few weeks later.
he memo, written by Marc Allen Connelly (who was general counsel to the funeral services commission at the time) and sent to Dick McNeil (the Bush-appointed chairman of the funeral commission) stated that Connelly &quot;received information&quot; from Texas state officials that two of the funeral commissioners worked for SCI.
 Russian Soyuz spacecraft docked with the International Space Station, after a two-day flight from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
ut according to Dr, Williams, other members of the panel have championed other ideas, for example, that planets should be larger than 2,000 kilometers (or about 1,250 miles) in diameter (Pluto is about 1,500 miles).
n Afghan interpreter, employed by the United States, was also wounded.
he chaotic situation unleashed in Bogota last night, with the assasination of Justice Carlos Valencia, began on the 28th of July in Medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order Judge Maria Elena Diaz.
ernandez, of FEMA, was on scene when Martin arrived at a FEMA base camp before going to the hospital.
s a result, peptic ulcer disease has been transformed from a chronic, frequently disabling condition to one that can be cured by a short regimen of antibiotics and other medicines.
lan Mulally, Boeing's head of the unit, said at the start of the strike that it may cause delivery delays that would give Airbus SAS an advantage in what is the strongest commercial aircraft market in five years.
queli was to fly to Nicaragua to join an international Socialist delegation, which will observe the Nicaraguan electoral campaign.
arlier this year, 78 local, state and federal agencies took part in a chemical attack drill, called Rotunda Thunda, at the Las Vegas Convention Center and the Strip, .
he National Assn, of Realtors reported that sales of existing homes had shot up to an annual rate of 7,29 million in August, 7,8% higher than a year earlier.
wo persons were injured in dynamite attacks perpetrated this evening against two bank branches in this northwestern, Colombian city.
he biopic of wannabe actor, Johnny Stompanato, may be directed by Adrian Lyne of &quot;Fatal Attraction&quot; and &quot;Indecent Proposal&quot; fame.
age is a big fan of &quot;Superman&quot; (who was born on the fictional planet Krypton) and was to play the role in a film planned for the 1990s that never came to be.
en, Maza Marquez said that the fact that a payment is being offered for the capture of Pablo Escobar does not mean that other persons accused of being capos of the mafia are not being sought, and that if anyone being held in connection with the investigation of the killing of Luis Carlos Galan is released, that does not mean that the investigations are not proceeding well.
econd-half goals, from Danny Mills and Darius Vassell, lifted Manchester City to a 2-0 victory over Everton.
he memo, written by Marc Allen Connelly (who was general counsel to the funeral services commission at the time) and sent to Dick McNeil (the Bush-appointed chairman of the funeral commission), stated that Connelly &quot;received information&quot; from Texas state officials that two of the funeral commissioners worked for SCI.
peaking of Jean Charles de Menezes, who was chased by armed officers into the station and shot five times at close range, his cousin, Alex Pereira, hinted today that his family would sue Scotland Yard over the killing.
hanks to the recent acquisition of J,D, Edwards, Oracle will soon be able to run JDE apps on its Fusion Middleware platform, too.
ancy Vine, who sells tickets at the Big Sky drive-in, seven nights a week, is a daughter of Donald and Dorothy LeGros - part of the extended family that operates the drive-in.
elena Brighton, an attorney for Eliza May who served as executive director of the Texas Funeral Services Commission -the state agency that regulates the funeral business- claimed that she was fired from her state job because she raised questions about SCI.
he evidence for the continuing accretion of gas by the Milky Way involves high-velocity clouds, or HVCs--mysterious clumps of hydrogen, moving rapidly through the outer regions of the galaxy.
espite the turmoil in Israeli society, there is little doubt that Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will pull the nearly 9,000 Israeli settlers out of Gaza, now a closed military zone.
AGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) - Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, has made an unannounced visit to Iraq, according to the office of Iraqi transitional Prime Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari, .
arlier this year, Kai-Uwe Ricke, chief executive of Deutsche Telekom, floated the possibility that T-Mobile USA might be sold.
artin was given water to drink, then taken to New Orleans Ochsner Foundation Hospital, where nurse Jinny Resor said he was treated for dehydration.
elson Beavers is a co-owner of the current company, Carolina Analytical Laboratories LLC, and has ownership/employment history with Woodson-Tenent and Eurofin.
he Bulls agreed to trade center, Eddy Curry, to the New York Knicks on Monday.
icrosoft Corp, and Intel Corp,, on Monday, threw their weight behind the next-generation, HD DVD format being promoted by Toshiba Corp,, in a blow to Sony Corp,'s Blu-ray format.
inisters of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, ASEAN, are gathering in Laos to discuss topics ranging from terrorism and economic integration to non-aggression treaties with several regional neighbors.
e also developed a breath test that could detect sulfur compounds emitted from the H, pylori.
ean-Claude Trichet, the European Central Bank president, made it clear, on Wednesday, that he would oppose unwarranted political attempts to remove Antonio Fazio: the Bank of Italy governor, engulfed in controversy over his handling of bank takeover bids.
aspars Ruklis, press official at the United States Embassy, told the Baltic News Service that Mrs, Bush chose to visit Latvia's Occupation.
eanwhile, in an exclusive interview with a TIME journalist, the first one-on-one session given to a Western print publication since his election as president of Iran earlier this year, Ahmadinejad attacked the &quot;threat&quot; to bring the issue of Iran's nuclear activity to the UN Security Council by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
,C, Milan is in second place with 13 points, after two first-half goals from captain Paolo Maldini earned them a 2-1 victory over Reggina, .
fter the press conference, I met up with a Microsoft guy, John Traynor: senior director of segment marketing for the mobile devices division.
outh African President Thabo Mbeki, the main mediator in Cote d'Ivoire's peace process, said, on Sunday, that Pretoria is heightening its intervention in the West African nation in order to pave the way for elections later this year.
n investigation has found that Unity Party presidential candidate, Mrs, Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf, United Democratic standard bearer, Charles Brumskine, and Liberian National Union standard bearer, John Morlue, have been in the position of U,S, permanent residency or green card.
evin Whitaker, who heads the Cuban affairs office at the Department of State, spoke with Lazo on two occasions about the effort to give his sons visas.
or Bechtolsheim, who designed the prototype for the first Sun workstation while he was a Birkenstock-shod Stanford University graduate student in 1982, the new line of computers, code named Galaxy, is a return to the company's roots.
he dual citizenship debate has been a major distraction for the Weah campaign and many of his opponents have been secretly advocating against his presence in the race.
raig Conway, fired as PeopleSoft's chief executive officer before the company was bought by Oracle, was in England last week.
round 50 million years ago, in contrast, oxygen levels in the atmosphere measured 23 percent--2 percent higher than today.
he three drive-ins nearest to Madison, all less than an hour's drive, are: Big Sky Twin Drive-In Theatres in Wisconsin Dells, Highway 18 Outdoor Theatre, near Jefferson, and Sky-Vu Drive-In, near Monroe.
he biopic of wannabe actor, Johnny Stompanato, may be directed by Adrian Lyne of &quot;Fatal Attraction&quot; and &quot;Indecent Proposal&quot; fame.
abul - A roadside bomb that injured six U,S, soldiers in eastern Afghanistan, was followed by a blast near a Kabul police station, Monday, that hurt two police officers and a civilian.
im Tracy became the latest to be shown the door in Paul DePodesta's restructuring of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
?te d'Ivoire's President, Laurent Gbagbo, promulgated new election laws on July 14.
hose accused of the assassination of six Jesuits, if found guilty, will be punished whether they are civilians, military, or influential people.
he seven refineries located in Lake Charles, La,, and the Texas cities of Beaumont and Port Arthur, appear to be the ones hardest hit by the water and wind that accompanied Rita.
he Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) is a uniform fabric of radiation that covers the entire universe at a constant temperature of 2,7 kelvins.
icholas Cage's wife, Alice Kim Cage, gave birth Monday, to a boy, Kal-el Coppola Cage, in New York City, said Cage's Los Angeles-based publicist, Annett Wolf, No other details were available.
quot;The aftershocks were less in the past two months, but they seem to be starting again, We are really worried about the fate of these islands,&quot; Smriti Kana Saha of Ranjat village, in the Middle Andaman Island, told Reuters by phone.
akimi also claimed that the rebels killed Mawlavi Waqifi, a religious leader in the southeastern province of Khost.
n that aircraft accident, four people were killed: the pilot, who was wearing civilian clothes, and three other people who were wearing military uniforms.
he Actors Studio offering will be based on Simon's female version of the play which was premiered in 1985 in New York, at the Broadhurst Theatre, with the characters' names being Florence Unger and Olive Madison, played by Sally Struthers and Rita Moreno respectively.
inicio Cerezo tacitly blamed president Alfredo Cristiani's administration for the crisis which prevails in the country as a result of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front's (FMLN) offensive, Meanwhile, Morales Ehrlich blamed the extreme- right, death-squads of El Salvador for the assassination of six Jesuit priests at the Central American University.
he solar system is much more complicated now, astronomers say, than in 1930 when Clyde Tombaugh added Pluto to the inventory of wandering lights circling the Sun.
he Southeast Asian ministers gather in Laos for their regional meeting.
ustralia was one of the countries in the U,S,-led coalition that invaded Iraq in 2003.
artin was taken to New Orleans Ochsner Foundation Hospital, where nurse Jinny Resor said he was treated for dehydration.
quot;A force majeure is an act of God,&quot; said attorney Phil Wittmann, who represents the New Orleans Saints and owner Tom Benson's local interests, .
he two rescuers who retrieved him are firefighters with a California-based FEMA team: J,D, Madden of Santa Clara and Eric Mijangos of Menlo Park.
he galaxy, measuring just 2,000 light-years across, is a fraction of the size of our own Milky Way, which stretches 100,000 light-years in diameter.
ir Ian Blair, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, said, last night, that his officers were &quot;playing out of their socks&quot;, but admitted that they were &quot;racing against time&quot; to track down the bombers.
,S, Roma suffered their second home defeat of the campaign, with a 3-2 loss to 10-man Siena.
elena Brighton, an attorney for Eliza May who served as executive director of the Texas Funeral Services Commission -the state agency that regulates the funeral business- claimed that she was fired from her state job because she raised questions about SCI.
arrington-born Chris Evans denies he went wild, despite quitting Radio 1 in 1997 and later being sacked by Virgin Radio for not turning up for work during a five-day drinking binge.
elf-sufficiency has been turned into a formal public awareness campaign in San Francisco, by Mayor Gavin Newsom.
CI, Houston's largest funeral services company, was headed by Robert Waltrip--a close associate of the Bush family, .
oscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
an Salvador, Jan, 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
he automobile industry, led by General Motors and Ford, offered price discounts from June-August that temporarily boosted sales, but these discounts may have masked underlying weakness.
rdonez Reyes accused Jose Jesus Pena, alleged chief of security for the Nicaraguan embassy in Tegucigalpa, of masterminding the January 7th assassination of contra-commander Manuel Antonio Rugama, .
lan Mulally, Boeing's head of the unit, said at the start of the strike that it may cause delivery delays that would give Airbus SAS an advantage in what is the strongest commercial aircraft market in five years.
t the time, neither &quot;USA Today&quot; nor &quot;The Observer&quot; was able to verify which of the sixty-plus candidates it was.
e is the professor of theater and drama at Loyola University and the director of Wilson's &quot;Two Trains Running,&quot; now onstage at Pegasus Players.
ima, Jan, 10, '90 - The national police reported that over 15,000 people have been arrested in Lima in a dragnet aimed at uncovering the assassins of former Defense Minister Enrique Lopez Albujar Trint, who was murdered in a terrorist attack, yesterday.
ir Ian Blair, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, said, last night, that his officers were &quot;playing out of their socks&quot;, but admitted that they were &quot;racing against time&quot; to track down the bombers.
ahbob Amiri, head of Afghanistan's quick-reaction force, said Monday's bomb in the capital detonated as a United Nations vehicle drove past.
,S, policy on drug trafficking is not consistent with the need to put an end and actively repress the consumption of drugs, The solution is not based on the destruction of a native plant, coca, in the continent, but on an active fight against the Colombian drug mafia, which has created a great money and crime empire in Colombia with powerful ramifications outside its borders.
he government of El Salvador strongly condemns the terrorist attacks carried out with explosives, today, against the Salvadoran Workers National Union Federation, in which several persons were wounded and others died.
e had been hand-picked by John Sculley to take over Steve Jobs' position as head of the Macintosh group.
arrington-born Chris Evans denies he went wild, despite quitting Radio 1 in 1997 and later being sacked by Virgin Radio for not turning up for work during a five-day drinking binge.
ith Washington hinting it might soften its tough stance to break the deadlock, top US negotiator, Christopher Hill, said the two sides needed to review the situation.
nother presidential candidate, who we thought was the one involved, was Charles Brumskine, the standard bearer of the United Democratic Party who also has residency in the Northern Virginia area.
ao government spokesman, Yong Chantalangsy, said Rangoon has promised to announce its decision in Vientiane.
he murders of Galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week, were probably carried out by an Israeli mercenary paid by the Medellin cartel - the world's most powerful drug-trafficking mafia - which has set up paramilitary squads accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.
oscow (USSR), 12 Jul 89 (PRAVDA)- Blood is flowing in Columbia, where last year, according to official statistics, there were 4,600 victims of political violence, including Jaime Pardo Leal (president of Colombia's national coordination committee), around 30 deputies and many municipal advisors and mayors.
he main library at 101 E, Franklin St, changes its solo and group exhibitions monthly in the Gellman Room, the Second Floor Gallery, the Dooley Foyer and the Dooley Hall.
oshiba, the world's third-largest notebook computer maker behind Dell Inc, and Hewlett-Packard Co,, said the PC would be introduced in Japan in early 2006.
arry Estrada, whose father served in the Marine Corps in Vietnam, said he has always had a great appreciation for the military and wanted to do his part to help, .
lso, in a landmark deal with Disney, iTunes is now offering current and past episodes from two of the most popular shows on television.
he experiment helped establish that the bacteria came first, causing inflammation, then ulcers.
an Salvador, Jan, 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped yesterday, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
queli was to fly to Nicaragua to join an international Socialist delegation, which will observe the Nicaraguan electoral campaign.
artin was taken to New Orleans Ochsner Foundation Hospital, where nurse Jinny Resor said he was treated for dehydration.
exico City (Mexico), 12 Jan 90 (DPA) -Salvadoran Social Democratic politician Hector Oqueli Colindres was kidnapped today in Guatemala city, along with Guatemalan Social Democratic leader Gilda Flores, his party, in Mexico City, reported.
arabundo Marti National Liberation Front's [FMLN] urban commandos have denied reports that they participated in an attack on vice president-elect Francisco Merino's home.
alvadoran reporter Mauricio Pineda, a sound technician for the local Canal Doce television station, was shot to death today in Morazan Department in the eastern part of the country.
oshiba, the world's third-largest notebook computer maker behind Dell Inc, and Hewlett-Packard Co,, said the PC would be introduced in Japan in early 2006.
lleged terrorists today, killed Dolores Hinostroza, the mayor of Mulqui district, shooting her five times.
ut Rajeev Dhawan, director of the Economic Forecasting Center at Georgia State University, says the main issue ahead is higher inflation, .
quot;The aftershocks were less in the past two months, but it seems to be starting again, We are really worried about the fate of these islands,&quot; Smriti Kana Saha of Ranjat village in the Middle Andaman Island told Reuters by phone.
 mercenary group, faithful to the warmongering policy of former Somozist colonel Enrique Bermudez, attacked an IFA truck belonging to the interior ministry at 0900 on 26 March in El Jicote, wounded and killed an interior ministry worker and wounded five others.
CB spokeswoman, Regina Schueller, declined to comment on a report in Italy's la Repubblica newspaper that the ECB council will discuss Mr, Fazio's role in the takeover fight at its Sept, 15 meeting.
he 500,000 eligible, Muslim voters are likely to reward Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats (SPD) in the September 18 parliamentary election, for its anti-Iraq war position and pro-Muslim policies.
icrosoft Corp, and Intel Corp,, on Monday, threw their weight behind the next-generation, HD DVD format being promoted by Toshiba Corp,, in a blow to Sony Corp,'s Blu-ray format.
ouncilman Pierce said he was advised that the car belonged to James Clark, 68, an acquaintance of the Jones family, .
he marriage is planned to take place in the Kiev Monastery of the Caves, whose father superior, Bishop Pavel, is Yulia Timoshenko's spiritual father.
quot;No, we don't get any business from beach traffic,&quot; said Butler, whose Men's Shop is located in a small strip mall behind Krispy Kreme on Palmetto.
he 54-year-old man from London, who was not otherwise identified, was located following cooperation with British authorities, police said in a statement.
rdonez Reyes accused Jose Jesus Pena, alleged chief of security for the Nicaraguan embassy in Tegucigalpa, of masterminding the January 7th assassination of contra-commander Manuel Antonio Rugama,  .
he loss offered a minor moral victory for Liverpool, as they scored only the second goal this season against Chelsea in league play.
he Bank of Italy, the ultimate arbiter of Italian banking mergers, has been engulfed by scandal since police wire taps revealed Fazio and his wife advised a local banker in a bid for bank Antonveneta against Dutch bank ABN AMRO.
a Paz, 30 May 89 - La Paz Department Police authorities have disclosed that investigations into the murder of two young U,S, citizens are being conducted by a specialized group summoned specially to clarify this crime.
oshiba, with NEC Corp, and Sanyo Electric Co, Ltd,, has been promoting a technology called HD DVD while Sony, along with Samsung Electronics Co, Ltd, and Matsushita Electric Industrial Co, Ltd, (maker of Panasonic brand products), has been pushing for Blu-ray.
es Paul, who continues to perform weekly at New York Iridium Jazz Club, has finished recording &quot;Les Paul &amp; Friends,&quot;.
icholas Cage's wife, Alice Kim Cage, gave birth Monday, to Kal-el Coppola Cage, in New York City, said the actor's Los Angeles-based publicist, Annett Wolf.
an Salvador, Jan, 13, '90 (Acan-Efe) -The bodies of Hector Oqueli and Gilda Flores, who had been kidnapped on the 12th of January, were found in Cuilapa, Guatemala, near the border with El Salvador, the relatives of one of the victims have reported.
hree plays later, quarterback James Pinkney was sacked by Wake's Goryal Scales on third-and-one, forcing the team to punt.
r, Olsen paid $20 million for the space trip, but says that in the future space travel will likely become as routine as air travel is today.
s, Miers' whole life was based in Dallas and revolved around her legal work, her family and an attachment to an evangelical church that led her to what her former pastor described as a flowering of faith late in life.
asyanov was sacked by Putin in February 2004, after he had become critical of the Kremlin's politically motivated legal attack on the Yukos oil giant and its owner, billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
MLN militias sabotaged power lines along the road linking Nueva Concepcion to the northern trunk highway at 1800 on 12 August.
heir work has stimulated research into microbes as possible reasons for other chronic inflammatory conditions, such as Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis and atherosclerosis, the Nobel assembly said.
 member of the Burmese delegation, Thaung Tun, told reporters on the eve of the meeting that his government did not wish to place ASEAN in a difficult position by insisting on assuming the chairmanship.
he San Diego Padres ace, Jake Peavy, was hurt in an 8-5 loss to the St, Louis Cardinals.
t takes 560 years to complete one trip around the Sun (versus 250 years for Pluto).
eferring to the April 2 car bomb explosion perpetrated in Santa Tecla, the FMLN-FDR claimed responsibility for the attack in a communique, and said that it was &quot;an action aimed directly at the police&quot; and that &quot;they regret the death of a civilian,&quot; but they did not mention compensation for the relatives.
queli was to fly to Nicaragua to join an international Socialist delegation, which will observe the Nicaraguan electoral campaign.
ccording to an Israeli official, the murders of Galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week were probably carried out by an Israeli mercenary paid by the Medellin cartel - the world's most powerful drug-trafficking mafia - which has set up paramilitary squads accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.
eanwhile, in an exclusive interview with a TIME journalist, the first one-on-one session given to a Western print publication since his election as president of Iran earlier this year, Ahmadinejad attacked the &quot;threat&quot; to bring the issue of Iran's nuclear activity to the UN Security Council by the US, France, Britain and Germany.
MLN guerrilla units ambushed the 1st company of military detachment no, 2 Jr, Battalion at la Pena Canton, Villa Victoria Jurisdiction.
he chaotic situation unleashed in Bogota last night, with the assasination of Justice Carlos Valencia, began on 28 July in Medellin, when motorized paid assasins murdered third public order Judge Maria Elena Diaz.
he controversy became more desperate, this summer, when astronomers discovered a new object, larger than Pluto, orbiting in the Kuiper Belt at a distance of nine billion miles from the Sun.
ufti Latifullah Hakimi, the spokesman for the Taliban rebels, claimed responsibility for the blast, but said that the insurgents had planted the bomb to target the Afghan police.
quot;I think we've already seen the effect on oil and gas prices,&quot; said economist Kathleen Camilli of New York-based Camilli Economics.
rices hit their lowest levels in five weeks Friday, with light, sweet crude for October closing at $63 on the New York Mercantile Exchange, the lowest settlement price since Aug, 5, .
icrosoft Corp, and Intel Corp,, on Monday, threw their weight behind the next-generation, HD DVD format being promoted by Toshiba Corp,, in a blow to Sony Corp,'s Blu-ray format.
he 500,000 eligible, Muslim voters are likely to reward Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats (SPD) in the September 18 parliamentary election, for its anti-Iraq war position and pro-Muslim policies, .
ogota, 4 May 88 - The dissemination of a document questioning Colombia's oil policy, is reportedly the aim of the publicity stunt carried out by the pro-Castro Army Of National Liberation, which kidnapped several honorary consuls, newsmen, and political leaders.
icrosoft Corp, and Intel Corp,, on Monday, threw their weight behind the next-generation, HD DVD format being promoted by Toshiba Corp,, in a blow to Sony Corp,'s Blu-ray format.
S President George W, Bush has refused to set a timetable for the withdrawal of the 138,000 US troops in Iraq, but has said that US forces will stand down as Iraqi forces gradually take over.
he hullabaloo is over a glacial period dating to about 750 million to 600 million years ago.
thers argue that Mr, Sharon should have negotiated the Gaza pullout - both to obtain at least some written promises of better Palestinian behavior, and to provide Mr, Abbas with a prime prize to show his people that diplomacy, not violence, delivered Gaza.
unday's explosion outside the Al-Rashi police station in the Al-Mashtel neighbourhood in the southeast of Baghdad, left a huge crater in the street.
echtolsheim left Sun in 1995 to found Granite Systems, a maker of high-speed networking systems, which he later sold to Cisco Systems, .
eneral Miguel Maza Marquez, chief of the Colombian Administrative Department Of Security (DAS), today confirmed foreign participation in the assassination of Luis Carlos Galan, senator and Liberal party presidential candidate, on 18 August in Bogota.
ccording to an Israeli official, the murders of Galan, a high-ranking police officer, and a judge last week were probably carried out by an Israeli mercenary paid by the Medellin cartel - the world's most powerful drug-trafficking mafia - which has set up paramilitary squads accused of hundreds of individual murders and massacres against political and labor leaders, as well as peasants and patriotic union leftist militants in different parts of the country.
ack Straw, the Foreign Secretary, will meet his Brazilian counterpart, Celso Amorim, in London today.
alero Energy Corp,, on Monday, said it found &quot;extensive&quot; additional damage at its 250,000-barrel-per-day Port Arthur refinery.
quot;The Extraditables&quot; have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of Bogota's daily El Espectador perpetrated today in Medellin, where two other El Espectator people, Miguel Soler Rodriguez and Martha Luz Lopez, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen.
oth of these attacks, attributed to the drug trafficking cartels, took place after 10 bombs, placed in nine political offices of the Liberal and Social Conservative parties and in another bank office, exploded early this morning in downtown Bogota.
he Bank of Italy, the ultimate arbiter of Italian banking mergers, has been engulfed by scandal since police wire taps revealed Fazio and his wife advised a local banker in a bid for Bank Antonveneta against Dutch bank ABN AMRO.
s a result of these weaknesses, computer systems and the operations that rely on the systems were highly vulnerable to tampering, disruption, and misuse from both internal and external sources, .
 juvenile hacker who crippled an airport tower for six hours, damaged atown's phone system, and broke into pharmacy records has been charged in afirst-ever federal prosecution, the U,S, Attorney's office announcedtoday, .
here has been a lot of concern over the rise of drug-resistant bacteria, .
rofessional computer hackers from the secret services were brought into attempt to hack into the Government's internal secure communicationssystem, which was launched today, .
t the Amman Summit of Arab Women in Jordan last month, Secretary General of the Arab League Amr Moussa said womens' advancement in the Arab world will be hobbled as long as they are so poorly represented in parliaments.
ockweed has been harvested commercially in Nova Scotia since the late 1950's and is currently the most important commercial seaweed in Atlantic Canada.
he disputed waters lie close to the Sipadan and Ligitan islands, which Indonesia lost to Malaysia in a legal battle in the International Court of Justice in December 2002, .
he cost for some 30 million sheets of paper used each year by Cal State Long Beach colleges and departments went up Wednesday for the first time in four years.
omen form half the population and 54% of the voters in the country, yet are very poorly represented in parliament, .
y the time a case of rabies is confirmed, the disease may have taken hold in the area, .
wo weeks ago, China became the first nation to operate a maglev railway commercially, when officials inaugurated a 30-kilometer-long line between downtown Shanghai and the city's airport.
 number of marine plants are harvested commercially in Nova Scotia.
astly, the author uses the precedent of marijuana legalization in other countries as evidence that legalization does not solve any social problems, but instead creates them, .
 United Nations vehicle was attacked in the Serbian province of Kosovo and at least one civilian policeman was killed, the United Nations said.
igeria has been the culprit so far, preventing the world from being completely polio-free.
nvironmental and social groups criticized the World Bank decision for shying from meaningful reform, .
f legalization reduced current narcotics enforcement costs by one-third to one-fourth, it might save $6 - $9 billion per year, .
oscow believes that the waters of the Sea of Azov should remain in common use, but Kiev insists on a clear division.
ll U,S Embassy personnel in non-emergency positions and family members of U,S Embassy personnel who were evacuated as a result of the initial conflict have been authorized to return to Eritrea.
his paper describes American alcohol use, the temperance movement, Prohibition, and the War on Drugs and explains how legalizing drugs would reduce crime and public health problems, .
cean colour satellite remote sensing has developed rapidly within the last five years and satellite imagery is now processed automatically and made available via the WWW, .
resident Ford reported that a force of 70 evacuation helicopters and 865 Marines had evacuated about 1,400 U,S, citizens and 5,500 third country nationals and South Vietnamese from landing zones near the U,S, Embassy in Saigon and the Tan Son Nhut Airfield.
rew Walker, NHS Tayside's public health director, said: &quot;It is important to stress that this is not a confirmed case of rabies,&quot;.
he June Movement has always been opposed to giving EU cooperation a military dimension.
he World Bank has also been criticized for its role in financing projects that have been detrimental to human rights and the natural environment, .
n most Pacific countries there are very few women in parliament, .
he release of its report led to calls for a complete ivory trade ban, and at the seventh conference in 1989, the African Elephant was moved to appendix one of the treaty.
e are committed to the deployment of these technologies and are excited by the advances in remote sensing technology that are enabling us to extract more information from sensors in a cost-efficient and timely manner.
he M-2000 uses a commercially manufactured NbTi superconductor, similar to that used in the M-2000 Maglev magnets.
 pet must have rabies protection confirmed by a blood test.
umans have won notable battles in the war against infection - and antibiotics are still powerful weapons - but nature has evolution on its side, and the war against bacterial diseases is by no means over, .
ther drugs on the market, approved to treat mild to moderate Alzheimer's, are believed to work by inhibiting cholinesterase, an enzyme that breaks down acetylcholine which is a chemical used by nerves to communicate with each other.
S military forces are evacuating U,S, citizens and citizens of 72 other countries from Liberia at the request of the U,S.
sprin, an inexpensive drug helps protect survivors of heart attack and stroke from subsequent heart attacks and death, and even helps reduce the number of deaths that occur within the first hours following a heart attack, .
 total of 599 United States citizens were evacuated safely, at their request; those who were interviewed expressed great relief at being out of Grenada.
he presence of oil in the South Atlantic was first proved in 1974, but the distance and isolation of the Falklands deterred oil companies from exploring the area until the 1990s, .
he unconfirmed case in Dundee concerns a rabies-like virus known only in bats, .
Legalization would eliminate the harms caused by prohibition, but it would not eliminate the harms caused by drug use, .
apital punishment has a deterrent effect.
cientists and engineers in the APL Space Department have contributed to ocean remote sensing science and technology for more than a quarter century, .
 report by the AfricanElephant Specialist Group, which is responsible for monitoring the conservation of the elephants,concludes that elephant poaching has increased despite the 1989 international ban on ivory trading.
S troops evacuated two injured soldiers said Staff Sgt, Duane Brown, a spokesman for the 42nd Infantry Division.
ome 55 percent of the German public are opposed to the euro, less than 150 days before its introduction on January 1, 2002, a poll by research group Wahlen showed.
nly 16 women were elected to the 223-member parliament in 1995, and only 2 women hold ministerial posts, .
ften criticized and blamed for politically unpopular policies, and confronted with numerous setbacks, the World Bank is experiencing a difficult time with regard to which strategies to adopt, in particular in Africa.
erman Siemens and ThyssenKrupp may sell relevant core technology to China, which owns the first commercially operated maglev line.
he introduction of the euro has dismantled barriers to cross-border trading and enhanced risk sharing and opportunities for diversification.
rganic fertilizer slowly enriches and feeds the soil, Fast acting synthetic fertilizers harm soil life.
he use of aspirin (acetylsalicylic acid) in single doses should not pose any significant risks to the suckling infant, .
ost commercial logwood is grown in Honduras.
he participation of women in parliament in Mauritius is expected to increase as more female candidates have contested Monday's election, .
efinitely do not lift the ban on ivory, it will drive the species to near extinction again, Elephant numbers should be controlled but what has ivory got to do with it? It is a barbaric trade and should be banned permanently.
n a sharply-worded internal World Bank report (leaked to The New York Times) the Bank has criticized its own decision to approve a controversial $40 million anti-poverty plan, .
eithner criticized the report's findings on the World Bank, including a commission recommendation that the Bank stop lending to emerging market economies, concentrate its resources on the poorest countries and shift the IFI's concessional assistance from loans to grants.
t has been observed that in those countries of the world where capital punishment is still in operation, the crime rate, especially murder, is distinctively low in comparison to countries where capital punishment has been discarded.
ore than 2,000 people lost their lives in the devastating Johnstown Flood, .
nly a few Mag-lev trains have been used commercially such as at the Birmingham airport in the UK.
or others, in the northern hemisphere, judgment may be a little off due to Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD), which is often at its peak in the weeks following the shortest hours of daylight.
 new report indicates that women's participation in decision-making in the country is minimal.
ndonesia says the oil blocks are within its borders, as does Malaysia, which has also sent warships to the area, claiming that its waters and airspace have been violated, .
he greatest threat to life and property associated with a hurricane and tropical storm is storm surge, .
escuers searched rough seas off the capital yesterday for survivors of a ferry collision that claimed at least 28 lives, as officials blamed crew incompetence for the accident, .
he ivory ban was imposed by CITES in 1989 after a wave of poaching across Africa saw elephant numbers fall from an estimated 1,3 million to a few hundred thousand, .
leksandr Yakovenko, an official representative of the Russian ForeignMinistry, has announced that, in connection with the recent terrorist actin Srinagar, about 100 Russian citizens will be evacuated from Pakistan inthe near future.
hen patients interrupt a course of antibiotics, the surviving bacteria return with a vengeance, often having rapidly mutated to resist the therapy, .
hile Bush was in the air, the White House was evacuated, with many employees running away from the premises on orders from Secret Service agents, .
he university server containing the information relating to Mason's ID cards was illegally entered by computer hackers, .
umic acids are complex organic molecules formed by the breakdown of organic matter in the soil, They are not considered to be fertilizers, but soil enhancers and improvers.
 massive polio immunization drive is under way in more than 20 nations of West and Central Africa, but in Cote d'Ivoire violence has forced a postponement of the vaccination campaign, the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (GPEI) announced November 18.
espite Chinese assertions of control, tensions over the South China Sea's waters have continued to rise.
he May 3 ferry sinking in the Meghna River that claimed the lives of at least 370 people is a reminder of the dangers inherent in this sort of travel, .
n keeping with our national strategy, the concept of the operation was to further deploy our agent staffing and tactical infrastructure resources along the immediate border area, the Rio Grande River, to prevent and deter the illegal entry and smuggling of aliens into the United States at the border itself.
or instance, the direct and indirect economic cost of the floods in Mozambique caused by Tropical Storms Elyne and Gloria in February and March 2000, is estimated at US$1 billion, as compared to the country's export earning of only US$300 million in 1999, .
hat is certain, however, is that around 120,000 years ago, at least, the modern Homo sapiens first appeared and lived contemporaneously with the Neanderthal for at least 90,000 years, until the Neanderthal disappeared 30,000 years ago.
he harvest of sea-weeds is not allowed in the Puget Sound because of marine vegetation's vital role in providing habitat to important species.
he Sea-Viewing wide Field-of-View Sensor, SeaWiFS, has brought to oceanographers a welcomed and improved renewal of the ocean color remote sensing data, .
he Townsend Thoresen cross-Channel ferry Herald of Free Enterprise capsized outside the Belgian port of Zeebrugge on the 6th of March with the loss of 135 lives, .
urricane Isabel was a tropical storm when she entered Virginia, but caused damage to 75% of the state, making it one of the costliest disasters in Virginia's history, .
ne reason for increased osteoporosis in developed countries is the sodium-potassium imbalance, .
he directive for the Border Patrol to stop arresting illegal aliens, as described in a previous post, has been rescinded by Robert C, Bonner, commissioner of the new Bureau of Customs and Border Protection.
s a result, the elephant has been brought back from the brink of extinction, thanks to the ban on international trade in ivory and other elephant products.
ropical storm Koni dumped significant rains on the Philippines before becoming a minimal typhoon and eventually making landfall on the northern coast of Vietnam, .
apkins, invitations and plain old paper cost more than they did a month ago.
he drive towards this new law was driven in part from a string of transport-related disasters in the late 1980s, such as the sinking of cross-Channel ferry the Herald of Free Enterprise in 1987, the oil platform Piper Alpha disaster in 1988, and the Marchioness Thames river boat collision in 1989, More than 400 people lost their lives in these three disasters, but no one individual or organisation was brought to account, .
ome plants grow really well in a hydroponic environment, but others do not.
y 45,000 years ago, humans had weathered the comings and goings of a number of ice ages, had spread themselves throughout most of Africa, Europe and Asia, and had reached a population of roughly a million.
piphyte is the name applied to the class of plants which typically do not root in the soil but, rather, attach themselves to trees or other tall objects where they can obtain light and moisture.
bout one million years ago, these people began to slowly leave Africa.
eteorological observations suggest Claudette remained a tropical storm as she affected parts of west Texas, .
he increase in womens' representation in the first elections to the Scottish Parliament has become a symbol for change, backed by the Parliament's principled commitment to creating a more equal society, .
he most recent poll carried out by NOP market research in January revealed that 61% of Britons are opposed to joining the euro.
lbert Sabin developed an oral, attenuated (live) vaccine, which, with Salk's discovery, brought polio under control.
is research had been focused on near-shore beds of marine plants commercially harvested in western P,E,I.
ne economic study will not be the basis of Canada's public policy decisions, but Easton's research does conclusively show that there are economic benefits in the legalization of marijuana, .
eth Israel is fighting back in the lab, where bacteria taken from patients are grown in cultures and tested against antibiotics to determine if the bug beats the drug.
here are actually good grounds to believe that legalization would reduce the costs of respiratory damage from marijuana smoking by encouraging the development of better smoke filtration technology, the substitution of more potent, less smoke-producing varieties of marijuana, and the substitution of oral preparations for smoked marijuana, .
he Bakun Hydroelectric Project (BHEP) comprises the construction of a 2,400MW hydroelectric dam, the transmission of its electricity, and the building of related infrastructure including access roads.
estbridge manufactures certified organic fertilizers including liquid growth enhancers and biostimulants.
he ivory ban has been successful, Demand for ivory has dropped and elephant populations expanded dramatically in areas where they were virtually extinct.
apital punishment is a catalyst for more crime.
here is growing evidence that magnesium may be an important factor in the qualitative changes of the bone matrix that determine bone fragility, .
ver 100 more lives were lost at sea, and 1800 were lost in Holland, .
olio is no longer a serious health problem for people living in the developed nations, such as the United States, Germany, or France.
nd this is a town that everybody agrees, law enforcement, Border Patrol, residents on both sides, is a staging area of illegal drugs and illegal aliens, .
n 1983, McClintock found that bacteria have rings of DNA (plasmids) that reproduce and have genetic changes that tell the bacteria how to defend itself against the antibiotics, .
n reality, legalization would dramatically expand America's drug dependence, significantly increase the social costs of drug abuse, and put countless more innocent lives at risk, .
eceased U,S, soldiers and their effects were evacuated to Japan and then shipped home in refrigerated containers for interment in the U,S.
he drugs that slow down or halt Alzheimer's disease work best the earlier you administer them, .
he number of Danes opposed to swapping the krone for the euro has increased slightly to 35,3 percent, up from 34,6 percent in April, according to a poll published on Thursday by Danske Bank.
es, water is a critical area of dispute in the Arab-Israeli conflict; but given the current climate of peacemaking, and given the general war-weariness among states and populations, such predictions are excitable pieces of subjectivism.
egetables help to preserve your bones, and help fight the bone-thinning disease osteoporosis, .
or such patients, regular aspirin use significantly decreased the risk for fatal and nonfatal strokes or heart attacks, .
he development of agriculture by early humans, roughly 10,000 years ago, was also harmful to many natural ecosystems as they were systematically destroyed and replaced with artificial versions.
he Croatian intent is even more problematic because the border between Slovenian and Croatian territorial waters has not yet been established, The dispute about this border began in 1991 when both countries became independent, .
ublic health and animal health officials from the Departments of Health and Community Services and Forest Resources and Agrifoods today confirmed a rabies case involving a red fox in western Newfoundland,	.
et, we now are discovering that antibiotics are losing their effectiveness against illness, Disease-causing bacteria are mutating faster than we can come up with new antibiotics to fight the new variations, .
ather than deterring crime, capital punishment actually increases the level of brutality in society.
besity is medically accepted to be a disease in its own right.
nitially the Bundesbank opposed the introduction of the euro but was compelled to accept it in light of the political pressure of the capitalist politicians who supported its introduction.
BM stole trade secrets to copy two of its programs -- File-AID, a file manager, and Abend-AID, a program that helps users locate the source of glitches.
easonal affective disorder (SAD), a type of depression, is a debilitating problem that interferes with the quality of life of thousands of patients, especially during the fall, winter and early spring, This syndrome seems to be a worldwide phenomenon and occurs cross culturally, especially in countries far from the equator.
BI agent Denise Stemen said in an affidavit that Lowe's alerted the FBI recently that intruders had broken into its computer at company headquarters in North Carolina, altered its computer programs and illegally intercepted credit card transactions, .
ewspapers choke on rising paper costs and falling revenue.
he results of numerous epidemiological studies and recent clinical trials provide consistent evidence that diets rich in fruits and vegetables can reduce the risk of chronic disease, .
hese acoustic methods are now expected to be useful for the long-range remote sensing of schools of fish as well as for distant ocean bottom characterizations, .
he World Trade Organization, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have all been criticized for their role in catalyzing the harmful impacts of corporate globalization on people, the environment and sustainable development.
onfidential scriptural materials allegedly stolen from a church were not &quot;trade secrets&quot; as defined by California statute.
t, Mark Banks, of Savannah, Ga,, tends to a patient who was medically evacuated by U,S, Navy helicopter to a temporary triage site in Aceh, Sumatra, Indonesia.
Women are poorly trained for politics, .
 wooden steamer of 293 ft sank on 10/13/1902, 13,5 miles North by Northwest of Fairport Harbor, Ohio, The lives of ten of the 19 persons on board were lost in the wreck, .
leven years after 852 people, mostly Swedes, perished when the ferry Estonia sank on a stormy Baltic night, an exhibition in the National Maritime Museum in Stockholm brings back the pain and controversy which have haunted Sweden since the disaster, .
et fishermen from both sides say boats lack navigational tools to let them know when they've crossed the frontier, which still is subject to a bilateral dispute dating to the 1965 war between the countries, .
nited States naval forces evacuated U,S, civilians during hostilities between Turkish and Greek Cypriot forces.
he total estimated project cost including financing, inflation and interest during construction, is approximately US$1,1 billion.
aval units evacuated U,S, civilians and military personnel from the Tachen Islands.
he result in Denmark shows that people are fundamentally opposed to joining the euro.
t appears that the super-conducting maglev system is technically ready to be used commercially as a very high-speed, large-capacity transportation system.
his case of rabies in western Newfoundland is the first case confirmed on the island since 1989, .
f confirmed as rabies, the case could be the first occurence of the infection acquired in the UK since 1902, .
hese problems can be avoided by legalization, under which cannabis could be legally sold, taxed and regulated like alcohol or tobacco, .
bout 3 million years ago, when Lucy was alive, she was rather short, about 4 feet tall, and probably weighed about 50 pounds.
ani-Seat can offset the rising cost of paper products.
ast forward a decade or two and scientists began to notice antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria.
f the ruling is that these trade-secrets were stolen goods, I'd be willing to bet that these three guys could refuse to answer any questions, by invoking the 5th Amendment, since they would incriminate themselves by saying anything.
ydroponics is the growth of plants in a substance other than soil with water.
ince the fear of death is virtually a universal phenomenon, the death penalty is an unparalleled deterrent for people considering a crime.
ecurity forces gunned down six Maoists; while the rebels killed a policeman and an abducted civilian drowned escaping from the Maoists, say latest insurgency related reports.
iets that provide recommended levels of magnesium are beneficial for bone health, but further investigation on the role of magnesium in bone metabolism and osteoporosis is needed.
oth sides of this argument are presented in this paper, but it is the attempt of this paper to emphasize that the legalization of drugs would be destructive to our society, .
omen are poorly represented in transactions financed by mortgage bonds, .
hough owning no trees and no waters, Takeshima Island has become the subject of a bitter political dispute between Japan and South Korea, .
ew security steps taken by the Customs Service may not be enough to stop a terrorist from smuggling in nuclear weapons.
o case of indigenously acquired rabies infection has been confirmed in man or any animal species during the past 2 years,  .
his taught postgraduate masters degree programme will provide specialised training at a postgraduate level in the methods and uses of remote sensing applied to the ocean, .
armen was only slightly put out to find that women are as poorly represented among Australian political scientists as they are in parliament (Leonie was asking, 'where are all the women?'), .
nvironment Minister David Anderson today announced his decision regarding the environmental assessment of the proposed Toulnustouc Hydroelectric Project.
ome other objections to legalization point to the greater dangers of family violence, reckless driving, or reckless operation of subways and so on, .
hese early men learned to make fire, They traveled over land bridges from Africa, and began to populate the world, about 1 million years ago, .
lzheimer's disease is successfully treated, and controlled by drugs which inhibit the synthesis of beta-amyloid protein.
anning ivory is the surest road to extinction for the African elephant, argue leaders in those countries.
fter two years, the aspirin subjects experienced a reduced risk of fatal and nonfatal stroke.
he most surprising news story of the past week must be the 'wonderful' story that the AIDS epidemic in India is under control.
he drawbacks of legalization do not imply that our current version of prohibition is the optimal drug strategy; it may well be possible to implement prohibition in less harmful ways.
hey, too, have not produced a practical, commercially acceptable maglev.
nother factor in the rising cost of paper is the increased cost of wood pulp, from which paper is made.
0 million years ago there were apes, and by 5 million years ago our closest ancestors and cousins, early ape-humans, had split from the other apes.
NS predicts that the smuggling will continue to increase and that alien smuggling organizations will become more sophisticated, organized, and complex.
igh dietary intake of potassium from fruits and vegetables throughout one's life helps to preserve bone mass, thereby preventing bone loss that can lead to osteoporosis,  .
early five months later on January 24, 1935, the passenger vessel MOHAWK sank after colliding with the Norwegian motorship TALISMAN, and 45 people lost their lives, .
orld Bank programs have been heavily criticized for many years for resulting in poverty.
he recent 14% hike in third class postage rates, accompanied by simultaneous double-digit paper price increases, has hit smaller catalogers especially hard.
he gastric bypass operation, also known as stomach stapling, has become the most common surgical procedure for treating obesity.
rimary prevention of Alzheimer's disease is not possible at present, .
he death penalty is not a deterrent.
he German technology was employed to build Shanghai's existing maglev line, the first in the world to be used commercially.
rganic fertilizers like vermi compost are used for increasing the quality, fertility and mineral content of the soil.
s the U,S, military evacuated Saigon in the Spring of 1975, President Gerald Ford approved Operation Babylift, the plan to transport thousands of Vietnamese children to adoptive parents in the West, hundreds of them at a time, before the U,S, was forced out of the country.
ell, the yolk is on us, the bacteria are winning, and at a record pace, .
ctual statistics about the deterrent value of capital punishment are not available because it is impossible to know who may have been deterred from committing a crime.
apital punishment acts as a deterrent.
n the other hand, the article, &quot;Fiction and Facts About Drug Legalization&quot;, by Joseph Califano identifies possible social problems that could occur as a result of marijuana being decriminalized in any form, whether for medical purposes or for recreational use, .
ompuware claims that Allan Tortorice and Jim Hildner were among several former employees who revealed trade secrets after they moved to IBM.
fter the polio cases were identified, public health officials in the Dominican Republic and Haiti began giving the vaccines to large numbers of children, Public health officials now say the disease is under control and is not a public health threat.
ational currencies will be completely replaced by the euro in within six months after the introduction of euro notes and coins.
he scientific community now generally agrees that between 5 and 8 million years ago, there lived in Africa a hominid which would ultimately give rise to the first hominids and later the members of the genus Homo.
ome of the stolen trade secrets were seized from the defendants at the San Francisco International Airport (SFO) while they were attempting to fly to China.
ome people may think that there is no other way to grow plants other than in soil; there is however, another way, .
bout 50 percent of all British party members are female (in contrast to only about 25 percent in Germany) but only 9,2 percent are represented in parliament, .
ropical Storm Debby is blamed for several deaths across the Caribbean, .
owever, market players were more inclined towards weakening yen, as the yen plunged to its lowest levels since October 1998, after foreign exchange markets interpreted comments made by visiting U,S, Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to mean that Washington is not opposed to a weak Japanese currency.
hanks to a global ban on the ivory trade that was passed in 1989 by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), the African elephant population may be reversing its spiral toward extinction.
 recent study found no evidence of seasonal affective disorder in Iceland where the sun does not appear for a long time in the winter.
he provincial veterinarian with the Department of Forest Resources and Agrifoods, Dr, Hugh Whitney, confirmed today another case of rabies in Labrador, bringing the total number of confirmed rabies cases to nine in Labrador since November 2000, .
he commission's order on the proposed hydroelectric development shall describe the Energy Facility Siting Council's recommendations on the need for the power.
 joint venture led by Australia's Global Petroleum Ltd, said, yesterday, it had won the right to explore for oil and gas in the inhospitable waters south and east of the Falkland Islands, .
 recent study offers sound medical proof that ACE inhibitors, like beta-blockers and aspirin, can improve a patient's odds of surviving a heart attack, .
his paper discusses marijuana, crack/cocaine, tranquilizers, hallucinogens, amphetamines, heroin, alcohol, nicotine and caffeine to provide a framework for the author's argument that the legalization of drugs can in no way be deemed as ethical or moral, .
t is hoped that women, who constitute more than half of the population, will vote for other women and ensure that their issues are represented in parliament, .
hough the exact date is debated, dogs are thought to have been domesticated by humans approximately 12,000 years ago.
 few growers place charcoal in the bottom of containers to absorb excess salts and maintain sweet soil, if plants are grown more than a few months.
uslim fundamentalists such as the Islamic Resistance Movement, also known as Hamas, and the smaller Islamic Jihad are determined to torpedo the peace process.
ader Barbalho, once president of the country's largest political party, was arrested on Saturday in the Amazonian city of Belem, after officials in the neighbouring state of Tocantins issued a warrant against him.
t is also an acronym that stands for Islamic Resistance Movement, a militant Islamist Palestinian organization that opposes the existence of the state of Israel and favors the creation of an Islamic state in Palestine.
n Nigeria, by far the most populous country in sub-Saharan Africa, over 2,7 million people are infected with HIV.
ohn Wilkes Booth assassinated Abraham Lincoln as he sat in the presidential box of Ford's Theater watching the light comedy, &quot;Our American Cousin,&quot;.
hile the total population for Missouri increased by 2,8 percent, the Hispanic population shows a 24,9 percent increase between 2000 and 2004.
e became a boxing referee in 1964 and became most well-known for his decision against Mike Tyson, during the Holyfield fight, when Tyson bit Holyfield's ear.
n 1983 Turkish Cypriots proclaimed a separate state, naming it the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC), Peace talks have been held sporadically, but Cyprus remains divided, .
he first kibbutz was founded at Degania near the Sea of Galilee in 1909 and there are now some 300 kibbutzim in Israel.
ohn Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono, approved this museum as the world's first museum to honor John Lennon.
erhaps there is no expansion, at least not due to a big bang which never happened, About 20 years ago, Halton Arp and John Bahcall published a debate in The Redshift Controversy, presenting both sides of the argument.
he international humanitarian aid organization, Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), continues to treat victims of violence in all locations where it is present in Darfur.
n other words, with its 2 million inhabitants, Slovenia has only 5,5 thousand professional soldiers.
s regards the headquarters building, the Swiss are stipulating that they would transfer it to the WTO for a value of about 51 million swiss franks.
 charity today joined forces with Glasgow's new Lord Provost to launch a campaign to help the Russian city's twin, A convoy of aid is being sent to Rostov-on-Don next month by The Caring City Organisation,  .
he order is worth EUR 58 million and handover of the submarines to the Portuguese navy is scheduled for 2010, The contract also includes an option for the same equipment to be built into a third submarine.
 smaller proportion of Yugoslavia's Italians were settled in Slovenia (at the 1991 national census, some 3000 inhabitants of Slovenia declared themselves as ethnic Italians).
he town is also home to the Dalai Lama and to more than 10,000 Tibetans living in exile.
bout 10 million people live in the Paris metropolitan area, more than 15 percent of the country's total population, France's second largest city is Marseille (795,600) on the Mediterranean coast.
n sub-Saharan Africa about one in every 30 people is infected with HIV.
n support of the Earth Island Institute rebuttal, Greenpeace founder Don White made the following - unfortunately prophetic - public statement on 8/18/93, .
erman automaker, Volkswagen AG, launched a special collector's edition of its original Beetle, on Thursday, to mark the end of the line for the most popular car in history.
ix people were killed and 10 injured on Tuesday in a gun battle between rival militiamen in Somalia's capital Mogadishu, witnesses and clan elders said.
bout 33,5 million people live in this massive conurbation, I would guess that 95% of the 5,000 officially foreign-capital firms in Japan are based in Tokyo.
acques Santer succeeded Jacques Delors as president of the European Commission in 1995, the second Luxembourger to hold this high office.
he Chicago White Sox are a major league baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois.
 have a 1986 Coca-Cola Grand Union 100 Year Statue of Liberty pin set.
his document declares the 'irrevocable determination' of Edward VIII to abdicate, By signing this document on December 10th, 1936, he gave up his right to the British throne.
atican spokesman Joaquin Navarro-Valls announced that Pope John Paul was still in serious condition, but he was not in a coma, .
ands Across the Divide was formed in March 2001, and one of its immediate aims was to press for more freedom of contact and communication right away between the two parts of Cyprus, and for early progress towards a solution to 'the Cyprus problem', .
o player scored more goals in European cup games than Miller: 66 goals in 74 games.
y 1979, the literacy rate in Cuba was higher than 90%, comparable to the rates in the United States and other developed countries, .
e learn that Claretta Petacci, Mussolini's last mistress, had a tendency to whine and to lie all day in bed, eating chocolate.
eleased in 1995, Tyson returned to boxing, winning the World Boxing Council title in 1996, The same year, however, he lost to Evander Holyfield, and in a 1997 rematch bit Holyfield's ear, for which he was temporarily banned from boxing.
atalya Reshetovskaya, 84, was the first wife of Alexander Solzhenitsyn.
oday in the city of Sao Paulo (from May 1 to May 30) we have a display on Ayrton Senna.
hen Adolf Hitler heard of how Mussolini was executed and put on public display, he vowed he would not let this happen to him, Hitler shot his mistress and new wife, Eva Braunn, and then swallowing some poison, he shot himself in the mouth.
eanwhile, the inquiries spearheaded by Milan magistrates Antonio di Pietro and Gherardo Colombo began to focus on Italy's private and public business sectors.
he twin buildings are 88 stories each, compared with the Sears Tower's 110 stories.
ut when the WTO headquarters issue came up, and Germany made an offer and a pitch to get the WTO to be headquartered in Bonn, the Swiss suddenly realised they were vulnerable and began improving their offers.
sk Andy Grove, chairman of Intel, about his toughest business challenge, and a pensive look appears in his piercing blue eyes.
enminbi - RMB (commonly used in China), is the basic unit of currency issued by the People's Bank of China.
abena was the former national airline of Belgium, mainly operating from Brussels National Airport, now replaced by SN Brussels Airlines.
l Nino is so named because the effects of the warmer water off Peru are usually noticed near Christmas time.
n 1997, Tyson bit off part of one of Evander Holyfield's ears in their rematch that led to Tyson's disqualification and suspension, In 2002, at a melee at a news conference in New York, Tyson bit champion Lennox Lewis' leg.
osmonaut Valery Polyakov set the record for the longest continuous amount of time spent in space, a staggering 438 days, between 1994 and 1995, He orbited the Earth 7000 times, witnessing 7000 sunrises and 7000 sunsets.
he plan was never drawn up on paper, but discussed verbally, particularly between Prime Minister Pibul and the British Minister in Bangkok.
he answer to the number one question, &quot;how many continents are there?&quot;, is seven.
orn in 1946, into a family many of whose members belonged to liberal professions, Radwa Ashour studied English Literature at Cairo University, She is now Professor of English Literature at Ain Shams University, a novelist, the wife of Palestinian poet Mourid Al-Barghouti and Umm Tamim.
egun in 1989 with generous annual support from Lutheran Brotherhood (now Thrivent Financial for Lutherans), the Nobel Peace Prize Forum's stimulating array of programs has involved more than 21,000 participants and reached a much broader audience through national and regional media coverage, .
e believe that, with the opening of Hong Kong Disneyland, visitors from Taiwan will be encouraged to stay longer in Hong Kong, to experience the magic of our theme park and of our city.
t's Biodiesel, and Bio-Beetle is the first all-BD rental car company.
r, McEveety told me he had discussed the quote voiced by Archbishop Dziwisz with the pope's longtime official spokesman, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, head of the Vatican press office.
emen, too, was reunified in 1990.
ast week, LTTE leader Vilupillai Prabhakaran stated that the rebels are running out of patience and are prepared to go back to war.
or is it clear whether any US support to Germany, in favour of Bonn as the WTO headquarters, would necessarily tilt a decision in that direction.
quot;The Black Panther&quot;, or &quot;The Black Pearl&quot;, as he was known, was top scorer in the 1966 World Cup, with nine goals to his name, .
RDC states its mission as follows: The Natural Resources Defense Council's purpose is to safeguard the Earth: its people, its plants, animals, and the natural systems on which all life depends.
he Philippines has developed into a natural hub for U,S, contact center support with the use of English as the second national language and primary language of business.
he Statue of Liberty is so big it had to be built in 300 sections.
uring the Tiananmen Square protest of 1989, Chinese student demonstrators in Beijing built a 10-meter version of the Statue of Liberty to symbolize their struggle.
uth's 1927 single season record of 60 home runs stood unsurpassed until Roger Maris hit 61 in 1961.
ix time prime minister Giulio Andreotti is just one of the many casualties stemming from these investigations and subsequent trials.
n early December, Glavkos Clerides and Rauf Denktash, respectively the leaders of the two parts of Cyprus, startled Cypriots by announcing that they would meet for the first time in four years, .
he currency used in China is the Renminbi Yuan, .
or one, Israel can comfortably subtract Gaza's 1,5m inhabitants from its demographic nightmare, maintaining, for a while longer perhaps, the Jewish majority.
hile preliminary work goes on at the Geneva headquarters of the WTO, with members providing input, key decisions are taken at the ministerial meetings.
o mark the 20th anniversary of John Lennon's death tomorrow (December 8), his widow, Yoko Ono, has erected billboards supporting gun control in three major U,S, cities, .
espite Bjork making her first live performance in two years, the crowd of 10,000 people was only half of what the hall in the Tokyo suburb of Makuhari could hold.
he abode of the Greek gods was on the summit of Mount Olympus, in Thessaly.
uggenheim Museum, officially Solomon R, Guggenheim Museum, was founded in 1939 as the Museum of Non-Objective Art.
ccess to the underground workings at the La Camorra mine is via a ramp from the surface, excavated at a -15% grade and connecting numerous levels.
n April 28 1945, at the Piazzale Loreto in Milan, Benito Mussolini and his mistress Clara Petacci were shot and hanged in a spectacle that was photographed repeatedly.
ohandas Karamchand Gandhi never received the Nobel Peace Prize, though he was nominated for it five times between 1937 and 1948, .
n Greek mythology Mount Olympus was the home of the gods and the site of the throne of Zeus, the chief deity.
ount Olympus towers up from the center of the earth.
ohn Paul II  was the first non-Italian Pope in exactly 600 years, so other things being equal, his successor would presumably be Italian.
he Dalai Lama has offered to send 50 trained teachers from the exile community to help the educational development of Tibet.
n June 1971 cosmonauts Georgi Dobrovolski, Vladislav Volkov, and Viktor Patsayev occupied Salyut for 23 days, setting a new record for the longest human spaceflight.
ibul was anti-communist as well as nationalistic.
he European-born groups with the highest labor force participation rates were  from Bosnia and Herzegovina .
he Sears Tower in Chicago, finished in 1974, has 110 stories and is 1,450 feet tall.
ccording to the 2002 census Slovenia has 1,964,036 inhabitants.
n that decade, Missouri's Hispanic population grew to 118,000 from about 60,000, he said.
he Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame and Museum opened the nation's first major John Lennon retrospective Thursday (October 19) with a gala party attended by his widow, Yoko Ono, .
here is a growing sense of urgency to deal with the country's social issues, and a large number of professional NGOs can meet BOVESPA's standards of transparency and accountability.
he treaty requires that members comply with guidelines on deficits, public debt and other fiscal benchmarks by the end of 1997 if they are to qualify for taking part in the introduction of a new, single European currency in 1999.
lack Tigers are selected for their discipline and their loyalty to Vilupillai Prabhakaran, 41, the elusive leader of the LTTE.
hat natural increase accounted for 56 percent of Missouri population growth during the past four years.
ine months later, John Glenn becomes the first American man to orbit the Earth.
ossad is one of the world's most well-known intelligence agencies, and is often viewed in the same regard as the CIA and MI6.
bout two weeks before the trial started, I was in Shapiro's office in Century City.
n Tuesday, October 7, 2003, Arnold Schwarzenegger was elected Governor of California.
he Beetle has achieved an unbelievable cult status across the world, not least because its creation marked the launch of what has since become the largest car company in Europe.
f no settlement is reached, a divided Cyprus will join the European Union on May 1, 2004, .
he widow of John Lennon, Yoko Ono, may take legal action against a new breakfast cereal called &quot;Strawberry Fields,&quot; which she believes is too close in name to Lennon's song.
n February 1942, the Japanese Imperial Army landed an army of 20 thousand men in Dili (the capital of East Timor) and occupied the then Portuguese colony.
he two young leaders of the coup, Pibul Songgram and Pridi Phanomyang, both educated in Europe and influenced by Western ideas, came to dominate Thai politics in the ensuing years.
n 2000 there were 10,578 divorces in Bulgaria, which represents 301 divorces per 1000 marriages or a 1,3% divorce rate per 1000 inhabitants, .
gon Eiermann (born September 29, 1904, Neuendorf; died July 20, 1970, Baden-Baden) was one of Germany's most prominent architects in the second half of the 20th century.
hiladelphia is considered the birthplace of the United States of America, where the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were written and signed in the city's Independence Hall.
 male rabbit is called a buck and a female rabbit is called a doe, just like deer.
oday's best estimate of giant panda numbers in the wild is about 1,100 individuals living in up to 32 separate populations mostly in China's Sichuan Province, but also in Shaanxi and Gansu provinces.
lizabeth Dowdeswell is the Under Secretary General at the United Nations Offices at Nairobi and Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme.
etween 1978 and 1982, 32 states acknowledged the medical benefits and attempted to make cannabis available, but possession remains a federal offence, Among the states where marijuana is legally used for medical purposes are California, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, Arizona, and Nevada.
dward VIII shocked the world in 1936 when he gave up his throne to marry an American divorcee, Wallis Simpson.
aul Watson, the founder of Greenpeace, will speak on campus Wednesday, March 3,  .
n the last few days of the war, Mussolini and his mistress, Clara Petacci, tried to escape to Switzerland.
ince 1974, Cyprus has been divided, de facto, into the government-controlled southern two-thirds of the island and the Turkish-Cypriot northern one-third.
urham is the 'City of Medicine' and home of Duke University and North Carolina Central.
he curious Belgian compromise over the weed has some logic, even for a country which says it wants to reduce drug use, Surveys show that as many as 40 percent of the country's 10 million population has experienced cannabis and with the Dutch border an hour away for most of the population, some liberalisation seems inevitable, .
y law, Mexico can only export half the oil it produces to the United States,  .
yson, who served three years in jail for rape in the 1990s and who bit off part of Evander Holyfield's ear during a 1997 fight, still thinks he can be heavyweight champion again.
hen the last member of the Hasmonean Dynasty died in 37 B,C,, Rome made Herod king of Judah,  With Roman backing, Herod (37-34 B,C,) ruled on both sides of the Jordan River,  After his death the Jewish kingdom was divided among his heirs and gradually absorbed into the Roman Empire.
he sunset, touching distant hills with ribbons of fire across the waters of the Dead Sea, brings a sense of unreality to culminate a day's visit to the lowest point on earth, some 400 meters below sea level, .
ost of the life of Petko Kiryakov was not unveiled by historians but by the prominent Bulgarian writer Nikolai Haitov, who wrote a novel and a script which was turned into a TV series, which became a favourite of most Bulgarians.
emocrat Culbert L, Olson, elected governor of California in 1938, was a loyal supporter of Roosevelt's New Deal.
 male rabbit is called a buck and a female rabbit is called a doe, just like deer.
ith its headquarters in Madrid, Spain, WTO is an inter-governmental body entrusted by the United Nations to promote and develop tourism, .
oday's best estimate of giant panda numbers in the wild is about 1,100 individuals living in up to 32 separate populations mostly in China's Sichuan Province, but also in Shaanxi and Gansu provinces.
erusalem was rebuilt and served as Israel's capital off and on under various foreign rulers until 70 AD, when Roman legions burned the city and expelled its Jewish inhabitants.
or many years, Sudam was controlled by Jader Barbalho, who was the governor of the state of Par? and its senator.
y 2010 the following countries have the potential to produce more oil than they have ever produced before: Saudi Arabia,  Iraq, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Kazakhstan and Bolivia, .
yprus, divided or not, joins the EU on the 1st of May, .
he lion's share of this traffic comes from Angola, where diamonds from the area controlled by UNITA (National Union for the Total Independence of Angola) rebels are subject to an embargo, .
ike the corporate logos, the ear is a representation, in mouth-watering chocolate, a delicious reminder of the infamous boxing incident in 1997, when an enraged Mike Tyson bit Holyfield's ear.
KEA offers fantastic and affordable solutions for your home furnishing needs.
audi Arabia's production mix will shift to a higher proportion of lighter crudes, Unlike last year's Qatif and Abu Safah developments, nearly all of the proposed projects produce Arab Light or lighter crudes.
n a move reminiscent for some of another actor, Ronald Reagan, who was twice elected governor of California, Schwarzenegger said he would be putting his movie career on hold so he can devote his time to running for governor.
mong the fascinating sites in the city are Independence Hall where the Declaration of Independence was signed, and one of America's principal symbols of freedom, The Liberty Bell, located in Congress Hall.
he common binding of Catholic faith did little to prevent the Bavarians from slaughtering fellow believers in the 19th century under Prussian Protestant officers.
ollner, they say, began trading with Iraq before the 1991 Persian Gulf War and continued after a U,N, embargo, For his part, Chalmers had loaned money to Iraq since the 1980s and received repayment in oil, according to industry experts.
n all, Zerich bought $422 million worth of oil from Iraq, according to the Volcker committee, In the early 1990s after the Soviet Union collapsed, Rich quickly became the most powerful trader there.
oday about 75% of people live in cities or towns, Art and culture are an important part of France.
lthough the birth rate is the highest it has been for five years, there were still more deaths in Scotland than births last year.
rought under Ottoman rule in the 16th century, Jordan has been led only since the 1920s by Hashemite rulers, a family whose roots are in present-day Saudi Arabia.
ibul Songgram was the pro-Japanese military dictator of Thailand during World War 2.
n a move reminiscent for some of another actor, Ronald Reagan, who was twice elected governor of California, Schwarzenegger said he would be putting his movie career on hold so he can devote his time to running for governor.
om Cruise is married to actress Nicole Kidman and the couple has 2 adopted children.
nastasia, in the village of Nagutskoye, had a neighbor who gave birth in 1914 to Yuri Andropov: KGB chief and persecutor of Anastasia's nephew, Alexander Solzhenitsyn,  .
he headquarters of the WTO are in Geneva, but the disputes which come under its purview are settled in Paris, under ICC rules, .
n June 28, 1997, in what would become known as the bite fight, Mike Tyson bit Evander Holyfield's ear, purportedly in retaliation for Holyfield headbutting him.
n other words, with its 2 million inhabitants, Slovenia has only 5,5 thousand professional soldiers.
or a western European country, the birth rate in Finland is high.
t uses the first day of the first month of the Lunar Year as the start of the Chinese New Year.
he Chicago Bulls are a National Basketball Association team based in Chicago, Illinois.
he credit card mobile phones now provided on some aircraft, do not interfere with aircraft systems because they are wired to a special &quot;base station&quot; that has been designed to safely receive and transmit radio signals in the aircraft.
ount Olympus, the highest mountain in the Olympic Range, rises to a height of 7,965 feet (2,428 meters) and is less than 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
rolonged exposure to UV-B light can cause sunburn, and there are worries that damage to the ozone layer may lead to an increase in the incidence of skin cancer, .
r, Pridi was forced into exile, and Field Marshal Pibul again assumed power.
he book contains short stories by the famous Bulgarian writer, Nikolai Haitov.
amed the Solomon R, Guggenheim Museum in honor of its founder, the building opened in 1959, drawing huge crowds and stirring considerable controversy, .
dward VIII became King in January of 1936 and abdicated in December.
n Africa today, the majority of infected people acquire HIV by the time they are in their 20s or 30s and, on average, die within ten years.
ndia, an enchanting country situated in the southern central peninsula of the Asian continent, covers over 3,28 million square kilometers.
ana told a delegation of the Nepal Trans-Himanlyan Trade Association, the only non-governmental organization which has trade relations with China, who informed the minister of the problems existing in the bilateral trade sector.
ount Olympus, the highest mountain in the Olympic Range, rises to a height of 7,965 feet (2,428 meters) and is less than 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
oko Ono unveiled a bronze statue of her late husband, John Lennon, to complete the official renaming of England's Liverpool Airport as Liverpool John Lennon Airport.
he city is twinned with Glasgow, Dortmund, Pleven, and Le Mans, .
BM is now at the top of my list of where I want to work, Ivy alone had nine interviews when the team visited the company's headquarters in Armonk last week.
nd, despite its own suggestions to the contrary, Oracle will sell PeopleSoft and JD Edwards financial software through reseller channels to new customers, .
mong the fascinating sites in the city are Independence Hall where the Declaration of Independence was signed, and one of America's principal symbols of freedom, The Liberty Bell, located in Congress Hall.
eanwhile, thousands of soldiers from the first Gulf War are still suffering from severe symptoms that have been linked to what is now known as Gulf War illness, say veterans advocates.
he Antarctic ozone 'hole' is defined as a thinning of the ozone layer, over the continent, to levels significantly below pre-1979 levels.
n April 27th, Pavolini went on, ahead of his troops, and reached Mussolini, Accompanying him were Angela Curti, the former mistress of Mussolini, .
he capital of Slovenia is Ljubljana, with 270,000 inhabitants.
he PMDB is also the party led by Senator Jader Barbalho, the recently elected Senate President heaped with serious corruption charges.
wo young soldiers have killed themselves after falling ill with suspected Gulf War Syndrome, following the latest conflict in Iraq.
abe Ruth's career total would have been 1 higher had that rule not been in effect in the early part of his career, The all-time career record for home runs in Major League Baseball is 755, held by Hank Aaron since 1974.
'Connor then fought on the side of the Republicans in the 1921-22 Civil War, with those who favored rejection of the treaty which brought peace between Ireland and Britain, but at the cost of a divided island.
aine knows he killed Lennon and that he is also a child molester, During the '92 election George Bush admitted twice on TV &quot;Nobody likes who shot John,,, I know the media is fascinated with this story but,,,&quot;.
ohn Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono, has topped the US dance chart at the age of 71 with a song supporting gay marriage,   .
n July 8th, the Mozilla team released a configuration change which resolves this problem by explicitly disabling the use of the shell: an external protocol handler.
he longest stay in space was 438 days by Valeri Polyakov.
he Statue of Liberty was reopened to the public on July 5 after its extensive refurbishing, 1986 is a common year starting on Wednesday of the Gregorian calendar.
oe Friday wore badge No, 714-in honor of the number of home runs Ruth hit in his career, .
anadian traffickers also are reported to drop their marijuana loads across the border in remote areas (often without the knowledge of rural landowners), cross into the United States without drugs, later retrieve the marijuana, and continue on to U,S,  distribution sites.
he number of Gulf War veterans who suffer from Gulf War illness is difficult to grasp, Robinson and other advocates say they believe that many of the 330,000 Gulf War veterans who have sought medical treatment from the VA since the war, and 179,000 who are collecting some level of disability benefits, are suffering from one or more of the symptoms.
he interest of the automotive industry increases and the first amplifier project, a four-channel output module for the German car manufacturer, Porsche, is finished.
mmediately after 1990, however, Swedish fertility plummeted in another unique movement, and had fallen to 1,5 children per woman in 1998 and in 1999, This is the lowest birth rate in Sweden ever-although above the European average.
s with the Babylonian New Year, the Chinese New Year, which occurred on the 1st of February in 2003, the day before Groundhog Day, is correlated to the beginning of spring.
rabic, for example, is used densely across North Africa and from the Eastern Mediterranean to the Philippines, as the key language of the Arab world and the primary vehicle of Islam.
ercedes-Benz is another German luxury-car manufacturer, but its M-Class sport-utility vehicle is assembled in Alabama and the new G-Class is from Austria.
TN profiles the Hamas (Islamic Resistance Movement), which is a Palestinian Islamic fundamentalist group.
he longest mission to Salyut 7 was also a record-breaker, lasting 237 days (nearly eight months) in space.
he first kibbutz, Deganya, near the Sea of Galilee, was founded in 1910.
er husband, political novice Juan Carlos Lecompte, scrambles to preserve Betancourt's dream and sustain the Oxygen Green Party, the political party she founded.
ichael Jordan, coach Phil Jackson and the star cast, including Scottie Pippen, took the Chicago Bulls to six National Basketball Association championships.
nother French daily newspaper talks about PixVillage.
dwin Hubble is recongized as having been one of the foremost astronomers of the modern era.
r, Balasingham will return to his London home and then move on to Sri Lanka in early October to consult with LTTE leader Vilupillai Prabhakaran, diplomats said.
hese days are special for St Petersburg - on January 18, 1943 the siege of Leningrad was broken, .
annabis is freely available in the Netherlands for sale in &quot;coffee shops&quot; in small quantities, The cost of five grammes, the maximum amount that can be legally purchased, is about &#xA3;,50 ($19), enough to make about a dozen cigarettes.
onetheless, a literacy rate of 96 percent put Cuba on a par with such highly developed countries as Japan, France, the Soviet Union, Switzerland and Italy, Campo said.
part from the new substances entering the market, the phase out of existing ones, which have been definitely identified as damaging the ozone layer, is far from complete.
uth bounced back from his 1925 ailments and problems to lead the American League in home runs with 47, 28 home runs more than anyone else.
he scandal is one of several threatening to undermine President Cardoso's four-party government alliance, and could force out one of Brazil's top politicians - the newly appointed President of the Senate, Jader Barbalho.
he two sectors of the divided island of Cyprus held a referendum on reunification on Saturday, April 24, 2004.
he airline now flew under the name Sabena - Belgian World Airlines, .
ivic Alliance, the umbrella group of civic groups involved in rebuilding, hosted a large, public, town-hall meeting for 5,000 people, called &quot;Listening to the City&quot; in July 2002.
rime Minister Mahmoud Abbas has offered 'the hand of peace' to Israel after his landslide victory in Sunday's presidential election, .
hip giant, Intel, has set its sights on the digital living room with its own flavours of entertainment PCs designed to act like media hubs for the home,  .
he Israeli army forces carried out, on Saturday, a widespread military operation into the West Bank town of Jenin and its refugee camp, local Palestinian sources said.
he jet was carrying 152 tourists from Martinique, returning home after a week in Panama, officials said.
nalysts expected the company to earn $1,42 a share on revenue of $3,82 billion, according to a Thomson Financial survey,  .
housands of people are expected to return to New Orleans this week, as areas of the city are opened up to residents,  .
oosen shot a 69 on Saturday, one of only two sub-par rounds on the day, to grab a three-shot lead through 54 holes at Pinehurst No, 2.
lso Friday, five Iraqi soldiers were killed and nine wounded in a bombing, targeting their convoy near Beiji, 150 miles north of Baghdad, the Iraqi military said, .
sraeli troops evicted hundreds of screaming and weeping Jewish settlers from their homes, schools and synagogues in the Gaza Strip on Wednesday, carrying out a chaotic and harrowing operation to end 38 years of occupation, .
he 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U,S, fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina,  .
ine soldiers and two police officers were killed in the ensuing gun battle, and two police officers were wounded, the officials said,  .
elicity Huffman and Patricia Arquette became first-time Emmy winners as they received lead actress honors, while Tony Shalhoub and James Spader, once again, proved favorites in the best actor category.
ose made his first start since joining the Knicks 10 games ago, replacing Thomas, who has an infected elbow, .
njections of human stem cells seem to directly repair some of the damage caused by spinal cord injury, according to research that helped partially paralyzed mice walk again.
artha Stewart, 64, is back, after serving five months in a West Virginia federal prison for lying about a 2001 stock sale, .
eavy rain flooded parts of the site, with dozens of tents lost under water, while lightning strikes affected the stages and knocked out power lines.
oogle and NASA announced a working agreement, Wednesday, that could result in the Internet giant building a complex of up to 1 million square feet on NASA-owned property, adjacent to Moffett Field, near Mountain View.
he settlement must be approved by Citigroup's board of directors and the board of Regents of the University of California, the lead plaintiff for investors in the case,  .
ozlowski and the company's former chief financial officer, Mark Swartz, were sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison,   .
ASA estimated, Monday, that it will cost $104 billion to return astronauts to the moon, by 2018, in a new rocket that combines the space shuttle with the capsule of an earlier NASA era,  .
nce on the train (according to what the channel said was a leaked police statement, aired Tuesday night) a police officer pinned de Menezes down when another officer shot him, .
he high-speed train, scheduled for a trial run on Tuesday, is able to reach a maximum speed of up to 430 kilometers per hour, or 119 meters per second.
ehnquist, appointed to the court in 1972 and promoted to chief justice in 1986, was the longest-serving chief justice since 1910 and among the longest-serving jurists in the court's history.
he decision by French President, Jacques Chirac, to invite Robert Mugabe to a Franco-African summit in Paris, in February, has angered those across Europe who want Zimbabwe's president to remain an international pariah, .
ran will hold the first runoff presidential election in its history, between President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Tehran's hard-line mayor, election officials said Saturday.
n Friday evening, a car bomb exploded outside a Shiite mosque in Iskandariyah, 30 miles south of the capital, killing seven people and wounding 10, doctors said on condition of anonymity,  .
S Federal Reserve boss, Alan Greenspan, sees increased US trade protectionism and ever-larger budget deficits as the biggest threats to the US economy.
oog built his first electronic instrument - a theremin - at the age of 14 and made the MiniMoog, 'the first compact, easy-to-use synthesiser', in 1970.
eeking common ground amid sensitive differences on democracy, Bush and Putin agreed Thursday, on new efforts to keep nuclear arms away from terrorists as well as from sovereign nations like Iran and North Korea.
,S, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Thursday that North Korea should return to nuclear disarmament talks and avoid a path toward further international isolation.
 prosecutor had urged a state judge to sentence Former Tyco International CEO, Dennis Kozlowski, to the maximum 15 to 30 years in prison for stealing hundreds of millions of dollars from the company,  .
he men, who will be able to apply for parole to avoid serving the full 25 years, were immediately taken into custody after the sentencing and whisked out of the courtroom in handcuffs,  .
erizon Communications Inc, said on Monday it would buy long-distance telephone company MCI Communications Inc, in a deal worth $6,75 billion, giving Verizon a foothold in the market for serving large corporations,   .
he job gains mean that President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office.
ood and Drug Administration, which regulates human experiments, says its regulations forbid human cloning without prior agency permission, and it has launched an investigation into whether Clonaid illegally performed any work on U,S, soil.
lonaid said, Sunday, that the cloned baby, allegedly born to an American woman, and her family were going to return to the United States Monday, but where they live and further details were not released.
nergy analysts said oil prices could soar as high as $80 a barrel and drivers in the U,S, could soon be paying $3 a gallon for gasoline, if damage reports from oil companies bear bad news, .
e said a new study might include more than just Cox 2 drugs possibly adding such widely used painkillers as Ibuprofen naproxen and diclofenac, .
ashington Scientists have identified a hormone that significantly extends the lifespan of mice, a discovery that could mark a crucial step toward developing drugs that boost longevity in people,  .
fter the service, Lennon left the cathedral, made his way through a crush of reporters and television cameras and talked briefly with protesters, some of whom say they are victims of abusive priests.
he flew to Los Angeles last week, after her 74-year-old mother had a stroke, but is expected to return to Texas in a few days.
wo Indian diplomats met the Indian prisoner facing death in Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh, on Tuesday at Kot Lakhpat jail in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore.
erceptin was already approved to treat the sickest breast cancer patients, and the company said, Monday, it will discuss with federal regulators the possibility of prescribing the drug for more breast cancer patients, .
he Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is trying to reassure lawyers for the family of Jean Charles de Menezes that the inquiry is still on track.
5% of the Gulf of Mexico's oil output is now out of service following Katrina, together with more than 83% of natural gas production.
he renewed attention to the war came as peace activists, camping near the president's ranch, awaited a performance Sunday evening by peace movement icon Joan Baez.
till, the storm surge was both stronger and earlier than expected, apparently coming through waterways southeast of the city, said Col, Richard Wagenaar, the Army Corps of Engineers' district chief in New Orleans.
ozlowski and the company's former chief financial officer, Mark Swartz, were sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison,  .
pringsteen performed 27 songs Monday night, including most of the 12 new songs from his latest release, &quot;Devils and Dust&quot;, which was recorded without the E Street Band.
he 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U,S, fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina,   .
,S, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Thursday that North Korea should return to nuclear disarmament talks and avoid a path toward further international isolation.
ustice Sandra Day O'Connor announced her retirement in order to spend time with her ill husband.
n Friday evening, a car bomb exploded outside a Shiite mosque in Iskandariyah, 30 miles south of the capital, killing seven people and wounding 10, doctors said on condition of anonymity, .
ozlowski and the company's former chief financial officer, Mark Swartz, were sentenced, on Monday, to up to 25 years in prison,  .
urricane Katrina petroleum-supply outlook improved somewhat, yesterday, as U,S, and European governments agreed to release 2 million barrels a day, of oil and refined products, from their reserves,  .
he probe looked into the October 2000 shooting-deaths of 13 Arabs, during violent demonstrations in northern Israel that erupted days after the start of a Palestinian uprising.
fficials said the Finnish suspect was among the dead but did not provide a motive for the attack.
housands of Shiite Muslims rallied Friday, in the southern city of Basra, to show support for Iraq's new constitution and the Shiite-dominated government,  .
rian Brohm, the Louisville quarterback, threw for 368 yards and five touchdowns as the Cardinals beat visiting Oregon State 63-27, .
icrosoft's (MSFT) own search engine will permanently replace the Yahoo (YHOO) search technology that has been used on Microsoft's MSN website, .
he new work went an extra step, suggesting that the connections that the stem cells form to help bridge the damaged spinal cord, are key to recovery.
he World Health Organization moved Friday, to revise alarming predictions that a pandemic stemming from the bird flu virus ravaging parts of Asia, could kill as many as 150 million people.
riscilla Presley greeted thousands of cheering Elvis fans at a concert Friday night, marking the 25th anniversary of the King's death, telling them &quot;you're helping Elvis make history again,&quot;.
he comments made by Wells today, regarding the commissioner of baseball, do not in any way reflect the views of the club, Sox said in a statement.
orld leaders expressed concern on Thursday that North Korea will quit six-party nuclear disarmament talks and will  bolster its nuclear weapons arsenal, .
he maker of a promising ovarian cancer drug said, Friday, that he stopped enrolling women in a study because several patients developed gastrointestinal holes.
he President George Bush administration, on Friday, ordered the sale of 30 million barrels of crude oil from the government's emergency stockpile in order to halt runaway oil prices triggered by Hurricane Katrina,   .
ran will hold the first runoff presidential election in its history, between President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Tehran's hard-line mayor, election officials said Saturday,  .
reen Day, who arrived at the venue in the vintage green convertible from their gritty &quot;Boulevard of Broken Dreams&quot; video, won best rock video and video of the year for the clip and two of their leading eight nominations,  .
ong-distance telephone company MCI Inc,, on Friday, touted its $6,75 billion deal to be bought by Verizon Communications Inc,, but said it would thoroughly analyze a revised $8 billion bid by Qwest Communications International Inc.
ver 400 tents were submerged, after a storm hit the Somerset site on Friday, the festival's opening day, .
he Duke of Edinburgh and I are very happy that the Prince of Wales and Mrs, Parker Bowles are to marry, .
wo British soldiers have been arrested in the southern Iraq city of Basra, sparking clashes outside a police station where they are being held,  .
 Colombian airliner has crashed in a remote area of Venezuela killing all 160 people on board.
hiite and Kurdish political leaders continued talks, on Monday, on forming a new government, saying they expected a full cabinet to be announced within a day or two, .
e determined that there were 1,678 illegal votes cast in the election, but he said Republicans had provided no real proof that illegal votes benefited Gregoire, .
he 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U,S, fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina,   .
hat police statement reinforced published reports, that eyewitnesses said de Menezes had jumped over the turnstile at Stockwell subway station and was wearing a padded jacket, despite warm weather.
ehnquist served longer as chief justice than anyone in a century, and his 33-year career as a justice was among the half-dozen longest in the court's history.
he focus on the engines and the fuel, stems from the pilot's radio call, shortly before the crash.
wo British soldiers have been arrested in the southern Iraq city of Basra, sparking clashes outside a police station where they are being held,  .
asra's governor said he would not cooperate with British troops until there was an apology for a raid to free two UK soldiers.
he 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U,S, fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina,  .
he Rolling Stones kicked off their latest tour on Sunday with a concert at Boston's Fenway Park.
iller died Thursday night, of congestive heart failure, at his home in Roxbury, Conn,, surrounded by his family, his assistant, Julia Bolus, said Friday,  .
he agency identified five of the men as Palestinians, four of whom lived in East Jerusalem and held Jerusalem identity cards allowing them to move about Israel.
lso ruled out, for the moment, is any tie-up with a new alliance of Social Democrat dissidents and former communists known as the Left Party, which garnered 8,7%.
ledsoe will be released by the Buffalo Bills, a move that upset the 33-year-old quarterback who started every game for the team the past three seasons,  .
hat request is at odds with the law signed early yesterday, by Bush, directing the federal courts to consider the case de novo without taking into account the state court's findings.
he state Division of Occupational Safety and Health said that the plant was inspected in October, and cited for 15 safety violations, seven of which were considered serious.
bout 30,000 Rolling Stones fans poured into Fenway Park this evening, fortunate to have scored tickets to the kickoff of the band's latest world tour.
he team drawing up Iraq's new constitution considered giving itself more time to write the document on Sunday, but still looked set to meet its mid-August deadline under intense U,S, pressure.
mazon shares fell nearly 4 percent following the results as the company said operating income would drop as much as 42 percent in the second quarter, .
n clashes between Israeli forces and gunmen, one Palestinian was killed and 10 wounded, hospital officials said.
he resignation came amid recent allegations by Massachusetts' attorney general that the Boston archdiocese engaged in &quot;an elaborate scheme&quot; to keep quiet the issue of child sexual abuse by priests.
west's revised bid, which did not offer more cash for MCI stock as expected, was deemed disappointing by one major MCI shareholder, and Qwest's shares fell more than 8 percent,  .
 cataclysmic starquake is thought to have caused a flare of radiation that ripped past the Earth on December 27, battering instruments on satellites and lighting up our atmosphere,  .
he blast observed on Dec, 27 came from a neutron star: a collapsed dead star with a sun-like mass squeezed into a sphere, just 15 miles across, in the constellation Sagittarius (the Archer).
he job gains mean that  President Bush can celebrate - albeit by a very fine margin - a net growth in jobs in the US economy in his first term in office.
 place of sorrow, after Pope John Paul II died, became a place of celebration, as Roman Catholic faithful gathered in downtown Chicago to mark the installation of new Pope Benedict XVI.
s the storm passed, a celebratory mood took over the city until early Sunday morning, when rap mogul, Suge Knight, was targeted by gunfire at a Kanye West party.
he revamped engine indexes more pages than before, can give direct answers to factual questions, and features tools to help people create detailed queries.
ne day after pledging to undertake one of history's largest reconstruction efforts, President Bush served notice yesterday, that rebuilding the hurricane-ravaged Gulf Coast will require spending cuts elsewhere in the federal budget.
ours earlier, Yasser Arafat called for an end to attacks against Israeli civilians in the two weeks before Israeli elections, .
n a bowl, whisk together the eggs and sugar until completely blended and frothy.
hile the beet is roasting, make the vinaigrette: In a bowl, whisk together the orange juice, balsamic vinegar, and extra-virgin olive oil.
ritain said, Friday, that it has barred cleric, Omar Bakri, from returning to the country from Lebanon, where he was released by police after being detained for 24 hours.
p to 150 workers were believed to have been inside the factory, which produces syringes and other plastic medical supplies, at the time of the explosion.
he West Pharmaceutical Services plant, which had been cited for numerous safety violations last fall, made syringe plungers and IV supplies.
cientists had observed that mice with a defective Klotho gene aged prematurely and wondered if an enhanced gene would have an opposite effect.
nterim Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, has won a landslide victory in Sunday's presidential election and will succeed the late Yasser Arafat, .
ritish armor crashed into a jail in order to free the two soldiers who were arrested by Iraqi police and militiamen.
hompson, a renegade journalist whose 'gonzo' style threw out any pretense at objectivity and established the hard-living writer as a counter-culture icon, fatally shot himself at his Colorado home on Sunday night, police said.
he measures currently in force include a travel ban on senior government figures, but France has invited Mr, Mugabe to a Franco-African summit in Paris next month, angering several countries, .
he Prince of Wales and  Bowles will marry on Friday, April 8, at Windsor Castle, said Clarence House, Charles' residence and office, .
ebanon is in a period of mourning after a massive car bomb killed the former Prime Minister, Rafik Hariri, on Tuesday.
elicity Huffman and Patricia Arquette became first-time Emmy winners as they received lead actress honors, while Tony Shalhoub and James Spader, once again, proved favorites in the best actor category.
he White House pressure, reported by Iraqi officials in Baghdad and an American official in Washington, on Sunday, was a change in the administration's hands-off approach to Iraqi politics.
lonaid scientist, Brigitte Boisselier, said the first human clone - a girl nicknamed Eve - was born on Thursday to an American mother.
reeping trade protectionism, and bloated budget deficits, pose a risk to the United States' long-term economic vitality, Federal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan, warned Friday.
ritish actor, Hugh Laurie, had been favourite to win best drama actor for &quot;House&quot;, but lost out to &quot;Boston Legal&quot;'s James Spader.
rime Minister Mahmoud Abbas has offered 'the hand of peace' to Israel after his landslide victory in Sunday's presidential election.
oog's synthesiser, which bears his name, revolutionised music from the 1960s onwards, and was used by bands like The Beatles and The Doors.
n audience of 8,3 million people watched rural soap, &quot;Emmerdale&quot;, on Thursday, while a live episode of &quot;The Bill&quot; got 7,9 million viewers, .
ran will hold the first runoff presidential election in its history, between President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Tehran's hard-line mayor, election officials said Saturday, .
ccording to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the plant was inspected in October, cited for safety violations, and fined about $10,000, .
yongyang said there was no point in the talks since the US had termed North Korea an 'outpost of tyranny'.
he third, and most remote possibility, was considered to be a so-called Jamaican coalition, again based on the party colours, between the Christian Democrats, the FDP and the Greens.
iller, the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright whose most famous fictional creation,  Loman in 'Death of a Salesman' came to symbolize the American Dream gone awry, has died.
owles will take the title HRH Duchess of Cornwall, changing it to the Princess Consort, when Charles becomes King.
agin defended his plan to return up to 180,000 people to the city, within a week and a half, despite concerns about the short supply of drinking water and heavily polluted floodwaters,    .
 Miami International Airport concourse was evacuated for three hours Wednesday, after a pepper spray can discharged, causing 43 people to suffer respiratory distress.
he focus on the engines and the fuel, stems from the pilot's radio call, shortly before the crash.
 place of sorrow, after Pope John Paul II died, became a place of celebration, as Roman Catholic faithful gathered in downtown Chicago to mark the installation of new Pope Benedict XVI.
hiite and Kurdish political leaders continued talks, on Monday, on forming a new government, saying they expected a full cabinet to be announced within a day or two.
housands of Shiite Muslims rallied Friday, in the southern city of Basra, to show support for Iraq's new constitution and the Shiite-dominated government, .
r, David Nabarro, of the World Health Organization, said a pandemic could come at any time and claim anywhere between 5 million and 150 million lives, depending on the world's response to bird flu, .
merican illusionist, James Randi, offered $1m to anyone able to prove, under observed conditions in a laboratory, that homeopathic remedies can really cure people.
he 84-year-old pope was wheeled to a hospital window, and blessed the crowd by making the sign of the cross in clear gestures, as a Vatican photographer snapped pictures,  .
ike Inc, said, Monday, that its first-quarter profit grew 32 percent, as the world's largest sneaker and athletic apparel company posted broad gains in sales and orders,   .
he latest file-sharing service trying to go legit in a bid to avoid an expensive and dragged-out court battle is Grokster Ltd,, according to a report published in The Wall Street Journal on Monday, .
ome observers say the partnership between Google and NASA Ames could create a new hub of technological innovation in Silicon Valley, an area gutted by the technology bust.
ccording to Professor Matthias Egger, from the University of Berne, and Swiss colleagues from Zurich University and a UK team at the University of Bristol, homeopathy has no such evidence.
heehan, whose 24-year-old son, Casey, died last year in Iraq, started her antiwar demonstration along the roadside in Crawford, Texas, on Aug, 6, demanding to meet with the president.
he Bills will announce the release of  12-year veteran Drew Bledsoe on Wednesday afternoon, leaving J,P, Losman as the No, 1 QB,   .
he soldiers, who were said to have been wearing Arab headdress, were accused of firing at Iraqi police when stopped at a road block,   .
ersonal computer maker, Gateway Inc,, on Monday, lowered its 2005 revenue and earnings forecast, sending its shares plunging 11 percent, as pricing in the industry became increasingly cut-throat.
nvestigators in Venezuela have been combing the grisly wreck of a Colombian plane which crashed on Tuesday, killing all 160 people on board.
xperts say that Mr, Abbas will need that big win to show that he has the support of most Palestinian people in order to push through his aims of peace talks with Israel.
espite CNOOC's all-cash bid, Unocal said its recommendation to shareholders in favor of the $16,4 billion offer of cash and stock from Chevron remains in effect.
asque separatist party Batasuna is widely regarded as the political wing of the Basque paramilitary group, ETA - a linkage it denies.
ecurity forces were on high alert after an election campaign in which more than 1,000 people, including seven election candidates, have been killed,  .
ndia and Pakistan have agreed to release hundreds of fishermen and other civilians in each other's jails, a goodwill measure that comes as part of a peace process between the two countries.
owles will take the title HRH Duchess of Cornwall, changing it to the Princess Consort, when Charles becomes King.
n Israeli judicial inquiry has ruled out prosecuting the police officers who shot dead 13 Israeli Arabs during a violent demonstration in 2000.
cDonald's said overall global sales at its restaurants climbed 6,2% in June, 6,3% in the second quarter and 7,1% for the year to date.
our men were released on bail and were ordered to return to a police station Monday, when they may be charged with assault, a police spokesman said, .
he ball took one last turn and dropped into the cup for birdie, making Retief Goosen more than just the sole survivor of par at Pinehurst No, 2.
ony Shalhoub won best actor in a comedy for &quot;Monk&quot;, and James Spader won best actor in a drama for &quot;Boston Legal,&quot;.
umsfeld said the Pentagon's annual assessment of China's military capabilities shows China is spending more than its leaders acknowledge, expanding its missile capabilities and developing advanced military technology, .
adical Jordanian cleric, Abu Qatada, and nine other foreign nationals said to pose a threat to the UK's security, have been detained, pending deportation.
sraeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has said that Mahmoud Abbas is a man that Israel can do business with.
agin defended his plan to return up to 180,000 people to the city, within a week and a half, despite concerns about the short supply of drinking water and heavily polluted floodwaters,    .
he Walt Disney Co, donated one of the world's most significant private collections of African artwork, yesterday, to the Smithsonian's National Museum of African Art.
ith more than 223,000 refugees already in Texas, Perry said officials at relief centers, around the state, say they are running out of room,  .
n explosion, followed by a raging fire, demolished a plastics factory, killing at least three people and injuring at least 37, .
he New-York based company said, Tuesday, that profits totaled a record $946 million, or 75 cents a share, in the January-March period, up from $794 million, or 61 cents a share, a year earlier.
he settlement must be approved by Citigroup's board of directors and the board of Regents of the University of California, the lead plaintiff for investors in the case, .
he ruling Popular Party proposed the ban of Batasuna after the 24-year-old Basque party refused to condemn the terrorist bombing the ETA carried out on Aug, 4 against civilians.
he White House pressure, reported by Iraqi officials in Baghdad and an American official in Washington, on Sunday, was a change in the administration's hands-off approach to Iraqi politics, .
he flexibility of our market-driven economy has allowed us, thus far, to weather reasonably well the steep rise in spot and futures prices for crude oil and natural gas that we have experienced over the past two years, said Mr, Greenspan, .
he Christian Democrats (CDU) won 35,2% of the vote, or 225 seats, against 34,3% for Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder's Social Democrats (SPD).
hina has taken delivery of the first section of a futuristic high-speed train which levitates above the track, .
 jet filled with tourists returning home to the French Caribbean island of Martinique, crashed Tuesday, in Venezuela.
he 42-year-old actor was outside a movie theater in central London's Leicester Square, doing press interviews, Sunday, when a man squirted Cruise with a water pistol disguised as a microphone, London's Metropolitan Police said, .
urricane Katrina petroleum-supply outlook improved somewhat, yesterday, as U,S, and European governments agreed to release 2 million barrels a day, of oil and refined products, from their reserves,  .
housands of Shias have marched in the southern Iraqi city of Basra to back the new constitution and to mourn 1,000 pilgrims who died in a stampede,  .
rye says, that he (a homeopathy expert) and Iris Bell recently studied homeopathic treatment of fibromyalgia,  A new analysis - comparing published studies of homeopathic drugs to matched, randomly selected studies of medical drugs - suggests that these apparent homeopathic drug effects are merely placebo effects,  .
hat request is at odds with the law signed early yesterday, by Bush, directing the federal courts to consider the case de novo without taking into account the state court's findings.
lthough most Palestinians crossed into Egypt in order to shop and see relatives, Palestinian officials say that the recent border chaos enabled smugglers to bring drugs and weapons into Gaza,  .
he President George Bush administration, on Friday, ordered the sale of 30 million barrels of crude oil from the government's emergency stockpile to halt runaway oil prices triggered by Hurricane Katrina,   .
quot;I will take a brief vacation with some priest friends after Christmas and then I will go on retreat at a monastery,&quot; Law, reading from a brief statement, told reporters.
hree Democrats joined the committee's 10 majority Republicans in a 13-5 vote to advance the conservative judge's nomination to the full Senate, Five Democrats opposed Roberts, .
he 26-member International Energy Agency said, Friday, that member countries would release oil to help relieve the U,S, fuel crisis caused by Hurricane Katrina,   .
n October, however, amid rising tensions between the government and opposition groups, a car bomb seriously injured an opposition politician and killed his driver, in Beirut.
he outlawed Basque political party in Spain, Batasuna, called, on Monday, parties in the Basque Autonomous Government to boycott the parliament decision to ban it.
ike Inc, said, Monday, that its first-quarter profit grew 32 percent, as the world's largest sneaker and athletic apparel company posted broad gains in sales and orders,   .
he United Iraqi Alliance, endorsed by Iraq's top Shiite clerics, captured more than two-thirds of the 3,3 million votes counted so far, the election commission said,  .
awyer David Gibbs pleaded with the appeals court to order Schiavo's feeding tube reinserted to give her parents a chance to make a complete argument before a federal court that her rights are being violated.
hen came the dozens of protesters who started camping out near Bush's ranch this month, led by a California mother who lost her son in the war and insists on speaking to the president.
he Rolling Stones kicked off their latest tour on Sunday, with a flashy, high-energy concert at Boston's Fenway Park that made no concession to the band's more than four decades playing pounding rock 'n roll.
 jet, carrying French Caribbean islanders home from a Panama vacation, crashed in rural Venezuela early Tuesday, after the pilot reported trouble with the engines.
owles will take the title HRH Duchess of Cornwall, changing it to the Princess Consort, when Charles becomes King, .
eeking common ground amid sensitive differences on democracy, Bush and  Putin agreed Thursday, on new efforts to keep nuclear arms away from terrorists as well as sovereign nations like Iran and North Korea, .
ederal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan, warned Friday that recent gains in U,S, home prices, stock values and other forms of wealth may be temporary and could easily erode if long-term interest rates rise.
umsfeld signaled a harder line against China from the Bush administration, which has criticized Beijing over trade and human rights issues but not directly challenged the Chinese military buildup.
itching hour passed and Potter fans poured into bookshops around the world on Saturday, snatching up copies of the latest instalment in the series that promises to be the fastest-selling book in history.
ising house and stock prices have made many people feel more wealthy and have helped to support consumer spending, a key ingredient of the economy's good health.
hinese Premier, Zhu Rongji, and German Chancellor, Gerhard Schroeder, opened the world's first commercial magnetic levitation (maglev) train yesterday, with both sides having much to gain from its success, .
orld leaders expressed concern on Thursday that North Korea will quit six-party nuclear disarmament talks and will  bolster its nuclear weapons arsenal, .
The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27,5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$ 9,4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft .
The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27,5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$9,4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft .
Loraine besides participating in Broadway's Dreamgirls, also participated in the Off-Broadway production of "Does A Tiger Have A Necktie", In 1999, Loraine went to London, United Kingdom, There she participated in the production of "RENT" where she was cast as "Mimi" the understudy.
"The Extra Girl" (1923) is a story of a small-town girl, Sue Graham (played by Mabel Normand) who comes to Hollywood to be in the pictures, This Mabel Normand vehicle, produced by Mack Sennett, followed earlier films about the film industry and also paved the way for later films about Hollywood, such as King Vidor's "Show People" (1928).
A bus collision with a truck in Uganda has resulted in at least 30 fatalities and has left a further 21 injured.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble, Even with a $1,8 billion Research and Development budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies.
After his release, the clean-shaven Magdy el-Nashar told reporters outside his home that he had nothing to do with the July 7 transit attacks, which killed 52 people and the four bombers.
Mrs, Bush's approval ratings have remained very high, above 80%, even as her husband's have recently dropped below 50%.
Recent Dakosaurus research comes from a complete skull found in Argentina in 1996, studied by Diego Pol of Ohio State University, Zulma Gasparini of Argentinas National University of La Plata, and their colleagues.
On May 17, 2005, the National Assembly of Kuwait passed, by a majority of 35 to 23 (with 1 abstention), an amendment to its electoral law that would allow women to vote and to stand as parliamentary candidates.
I recently took a round trip from Abuja to Yola, the capital of Adamawa State and back to Abuja, with a fourteen-seater bus.
Accardo founded the Settimane Musicali Internazionali in Naples and the Cremona String Festival in 1971, and in 1996, he re-founded the Orchestra da Camera Italiana (O,C,I,), whose members are the best pupils of the Walter Stauffer Academy.
Airbus could site a design engineering centre in the Midlands region of the UK to take advantage of the availability of skilled engineering staff following the demise of MG Rover, the collapsed UK carmaker.
Alex Dyer, spokesman for the group, stated that Santarchy in Auckland is part of a worldwide phenomenon.
As late as 1799, priests were still being imprisoned or deported to penal colonies and persecution only worsened after the French army led by General Louis Alexandre Berthier captured Rome and imprisoned Pope Pius VI, who would die in captivity in Valence, Drôme, France in August of 1799.
Cauhtemoc Cardenas said during a news conference on 7 June that the visit to Mexico by Salvadoran president Alfredo Cristiani is a visit by "a repressive ruler who oppresses a large sector of his people,".
Allen was renowned for his skill at scratch-building and creating scenery, and he pioneered the technique of weathering his models to make them look old and more realistic.
Gastrointestinal bleeding can happen as an adverse effect of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs such as aspirin or ibuprofen.
In 1969, he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group, In 1984, after Berlinguer's death, Natta was elected as party secretary.
Blue Mountain Lumber is a subsidiary of Malaysian forestry transnational corporation, Ernslaw One.
Blue Mountain Lumber said today it may have to relocate a $30 million project offshore in the wake of an Environment Court decision that blocked it from a planned development site on the Coromandel.
Chicago-based Boeing has already scrubbed three delivery slots in 2006 that had been booked by Air Canada.
The Kalido Technical Advisory Board members include Boris Evelson, founder and managing partner, Textra Group, Inc,, and Bill Inmon, president, Inmon Data Systems.
Bountiful arrived after war's end, sailing into San Francisco Bay 21 August 1945, Bountiful was then assigned as hospital ship at Yokosuka, Japan, departing San Francisco 1 November 1945.
Bountiful arrived after war's end, sailing into San Francisco Bay 21 August 1945, Bountiful was then assigned as hospital ship at Yokosuka, Japan, departing San Francisco 1 November 1945.
The Prime Minister of Spain Zapatero visited Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Uruguay recently, in a effort to build a left axis in South America, The cited countries' South American Presidents agreed to collaborate at international level, particularly in the United Nations , European Union and with Paris, Berlin and Madrid.
Under the headline "Greed instead of quality", Germany's Die Tageszeitung says no good will come of the acquisition of the publisher Berliner Verlag by two British and US-based investment funds.
As much as 200 mm of rain have been recorded in portions of British Columbia , on the west coast of Canada since Monday.
Dr Wood led a courageous and committed team in the fight to save 28 patients suffering from between two and 92 per cent body burns, deadly infections and delayed shock, As well as receiving much praise from both her own patients and the media, she also attracted controversy among other burns surgeons due to the fact that spray-on skin had not yet been subjected to clinical trials.
In announcing plans today to prepare the nation for combating a future worldwide wave of bird flu, President Bush used vocabulary and tactics that are familiar from his confrontation with global terrorism.
Scott Island was discovered and landed upon in December 1902 by Captain William Colbeck commander of the Morning, relief ship for Capt, Robert F, Scott's expedition.
Carl Smith collided with a concrete lamp-post while skating and suffered a skull fracture that caused a coma, When he failed to regain consciousness, his parents on August 8 consented to his life support machine being turned off.
As leaders gather in Argentina ahead of this weekends regional talks, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela's populist president, is using an energy windfall to win friends and promote his vision of 21st-century socialism.
Parviz Davudi was representing Iran at a meeting of the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation (SCO), the fledgling association that binds Russia, China and four former Soviet republics of central Asia together to fight terrorism.
A leading human rights group on Wednesday identified Poland and Romania as the likely locations in eastern Europe of secret prisons where al-Qaeda suspects are interrogated by the Central Intelligence Agency.
The car which crashed against the mail-box belonged to James Clark, 68, an acquaintance of James Jones' family.
Colarusso, the Dover police captain, said authorities are interested in whether their suspect made a cell phone call while he was in the Dover woman's home.
Côte d'Ivoire, once a haven of stability in West Africa and the world's top cocoa producer, has been split in two since a failed coup against Gbagbo in September 2002, pitting rebels from the Muslim-dominated north against the Christian-populated south.
He said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador.
The president Cristiani spoke today at the El Salvador military airport before he left for Costa Rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect Rafael Calderon Fournier.
He said that "there is evidence that Cristiani was involved in the murder of the six Jesuit priests" which occurred on 16 November in San Salvador.
"There were 20 survivors, the majority of them are in critical condition" said Cyprian Gatete, Rwanda's assistant commissioner of police, during a telephone conversation with Reuters.
Parents also had to contribute "much more fully", while "coasting" schools would be tackled, Ms Kelly told MPs, But shadow education secretary David Cameron, who backed some ideas, said other parts were a "complete muddle".
A former employee of the company, David Vance of South Portland, said Hooper spent a lot of time on the road, often meeting with customers between Portland and Kittery.
James Kerr had been the foreman for the Deane, Adams and Deane gun factory, Robert Adams, one of the partners and inventor of the Adams revolver, was Kerr's cousin.
Shares of O2 Plc, which this week agreed to be bought for 17,7 billion pounds ($31,3 billion) by Telefonica SA, fell after Deutsche Telekom AG said it won't make a counter offer.
The BBC's Tim Franks says frustrated British diplomats insist there have been several achievements but there is no doubt that the continued delay in reaching agreement on a budget for the EU hangs over all discussions.
She has become world renowned for her patented invention of spray on skin for burns victims, a treatment which is continually developing, Via her research, Fiona found that scarring is greatly reduced if replacement skin could be provided within 10 days, As a burns specialist the holy grail for Dr Fiona Wood is 'scarless, woundless healing'.
The British government did not initially purchase the weapon and civilian sales were modest, However the U,S, Civil War began in 1860 and the governments of both the United States and the Confederacy began purchasing arms in Britain.
Edison decided to call "his" invention the Kinetoscope, combining the Greek root words "kineto" (movement), and "scopos" ("to view").
"I want to go back again, But I am afraid, honestly, I am afraid, Propaganda against me made people think I am terrorist,", said el-Nashar.
El-Nashar was detained July 14 in Cairo after Britain notified Egyptian authorities that it suspected he may have had links to some of the attackers.
The chapters voluntarily transferred their right of electing the bishop to Emperor Charles V, and Pope Clement VII gave his consent to these proceedings.
The company, whose registered auditors are Deloitte and Touche, has instructed Ernst and Young to carry out a thorough review of the accounts of Eurest Support Services, a subsidiary which feeds UN peacekeepers in at least eight countries.
Bosnia's leading Muslim daily Dnevni Avaz writes excitedly about "a sensational discovery" of "the first European pyramid" in the central town of Visoko, just north of Sarajevo.
Female mosquitoes become infected with the malaria parasite when they draw blood from humans with malaria, The insects can then pass this on to other humans they bite, but do not get sick themselves.
FermiLab's goal is to ensure that if a program runs and is certified on RedHat Enterprise, then it will run on the corresponding Fermi Linux LTS release, They have built Fermi Linux LTS for Fermilab's use, and that is their ultimate goal.
On the morning of 1 June, there was a blackout throughout most of the capital caused by urban commandos of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front (FMLN).
After graduating in 1977, Gallager chose to accept a full scholarship to play football for Temple University.
Russia's natural gas monopoly Gazprom has also shown interest in acquiring a sizable stake in the Uzbek pipeline monopoly.
In addition to establishing the electoral commission, the laws also concern nationality, a contentious issue since citizenship laws were tightened to exclude one of Gbagbo's main competitors from the 2000 presidential race, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara.
General Dynamics, the maker of land combat systems, warships and Gulfstream business jets, reported net earnings of $374m in the third quarter, or $1,84 per share.
The Pet passport alone can be used to enter the UK, but it will not suffice to enter many countries, For instance Guatemala, like almost every country, demands that all imported pets have a rabies vaccination, but will not accept the Pet passport as proof of said vaccination.
GUS on Friday disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non-UK retail operation with the 390m (265m) sale of the Dutch home shopping company, Wehkamp, to Industri Kapital, a private equity firm.
In 1927 Harnold Lamb wrote a biography of Genghis Khan, and following on its success turned more and more to the writing of non-fiction, penning numerous biographies and history books until his death in 1962.
The Health Department has been made aware that property located at Bear Creek is under investigation by the NC Division of Waste Management for the illegal discharge of hazardous chemical materials.
Hooper, a salesman of Portland, is accused of posing as a potential home buyer on July 26, then forcing himself inside the residence and raping a 19-year-old woman.
A former employee of the company, David Vance of South Portland, said Hooper spent a lot of time on the road, often meeting with customers between Portland and Kittery.
Hugh was also very supportive of Mustang's plan to become Fuhrer, doing whatever he can to, as he put it, to "help him from the bottom to the top,".
Hughes loved his wife, Gracia, and was absolutely obsessed with his little daughter Elicia.
As leaders gather in Argentina ahead of this weekends regional talks, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela's populist president is using an energy windfall to win friends and promote his vision of 21st-century socialism.
But these are only first hazards, "If the rain continues at the same magnitude and according to the forecast, then some of the rivers could reach flood stage either later [Tuesday] or Wednesday morning," said Allan Chapman, a hydrologist with the River Forecast Centre in Victoria.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom, This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets.
On October 1 2001, EU and other countries introduced the option for domestic animal owners to apply for Pet passports under the Pets Travel Scheme (PETS for short), for pets returning from abroad to the United Kingdom, This replaced the old system of 6 months compulsory quarantine for all domestic pets.
In the May 2005 general election Michael Howard failed to unseat the Labour Government, although the Conservatives did gain 33 seats, playing the most significant role in reducing Labour's majority from 167 to 66.
The US state of Kansas has ruled that science classes in public schools should include the teaching of intelligent design and the doubts it casts on Darwinian evolution.
Following the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel, May 14, 1948, seven Arab states entered Palestine and engaged Israeli forces.
At the same time the Italian digital rights group, Electronic Frontiers Italy, has asked the nation's government to investigate Sony over its use of anti-piracy software.
UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw said Iraqis had "shown again their determination to defy the terrorists and take part in the democratic process".
The original owner, Henry Borski, opened his tavern in 1945, He later passed it on to his son Jake Borski, then it was owned by Phylis Roberts for approximately 23 years after that.
According to NC Articles of Organization, the members of LLC company are H, Nelson Beavers, III, H, Chester Beavers and Jennie Beavers Stewart.
Jerry Reinsdorf (born February 25 1936 in Brooklyn, New York) is the owner of Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Bulls, Recently, he helped the White Sox win the 2005 World Series and, in the process, collected his seventh championship ring overall (the first six were all with the Bulls in the 1990s), becoming the third owner in the history of North American sports to win a championship in two different sports.
John and Frances Galyean are partners in life and now both share a passion for photography, The Galyeans, married for more than 46 years, have been involved in photography since 1999.
Mr Fitzgerald revealed he was one of several top officials who told Mr Libby in June 2003 that Valerie Plame, wife of the former ambassador Joseph Wilson, worked for the CIA.
Mr Fitzgerald revealed he was one of several top officials who told Mr Libby in June 2003 that Valerie Plame, wife of the former ambassador Joseph Wilson, worked for the CIA.
Earlier this year reporter Judith Miller was jailed for refusing to name the US-government source who identified a member of the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Valerie Plame.
Earlier this year reporter Judith Miller was jailed for refusing to name the US-government source who identified a member of the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Valerie Plame.
Jyestadeva (1500-1610), was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama and a student of Damodara, He is most known for writing the first calculus text, the Yuktibhasa , He also authored the Drk-karana on astronomical observations.
Jyestadeva (1500-1610), was an astronomer of the Kerala school founded by Madhava of Sangamagrama and a student of Damodara, He is most known for writing the first calculus text, the Yuktibhasa , He also authored the Drk-karana on astronomical observations.
As an active member of the National Guard, he was called to duty in 1941, Although Kennon did not see active combat, he did not return home from World War II until May of 1945.
As an active member of the National Guard, he was called to duty in 1941, Although Kennon did not see active combat, he did not return home from World War II until May of 1945.
The Kinston Indians are a minor league baseball team in Kinston, North Carolina, The team, a Class A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians, plays in the Carolina League.
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has noted that the Iraqi people turned out in large numbers to vote in the January 30 ballot.
Swansea striker Lee Trundle has negotiated a lucrative image-rights deal with the League One club.
Levomepromazine has prominent sedative and anticholinergic/ sympatholytic effects (dry mouth, hypotension, sinus tachycardia, extreme night sweats) and causes massive weight gain, These side effects normally do not allow to give the drug in doses needed for full remission of schizophrenia, so it has to be combined with a more potent antipsychotic.
Live At Leeds (1970) is The Who's first live album, and indeed is their only live album that was released while the band was still recording and performing regularly.
In June 2004, top Russian oil producer Lukoil signed a $1 billion 35-year production-sharing agreement to develop Uzbek natural gas deposits.
Scott's execution led to outrage in Ontario, and was largely responsible for prompting the Wolseley Expedition which forced Louis Riel, now branded a murderer, to flee the settlement.
The Extra Girl (1923) is a story of a small-town girl, Sue Graham (played by Mabel Normand) who comes to Hollywood to be in the pictures, This Mabel Normand vehicle, produced by Mack Sennett, followed earlier films about the film industry and also paved the way for later films about Hollywood, such as King Vidors Show People (1928).
On 21 July, the Macdonough patrolled the waters off Guam to protect the assault craft from enemy submarines, continuing that role until departing for Hawaii on 10 August, After a day at Pearl Harbor, she departed for the Admiralty Islands.
The Pentagon is rejecting demands by Kyrgyzstan to pay for the past use of Manas air base, a key military facility for US aircraft flying missions to Afghanistan.
He also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 May of Mexican Professor Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia, whom the Salvadoran government accused of having connections with the Salvadoran guerrillas.
There is no way Marlowe could legally leave Italy, especially after an arrest warrant has been issued for him by the authorities, Assisted by Zaleshoff, he succeeds in making his escape from Milan.
There is no way Marlowe could legally leave Italy, especially after an arrest warrant has been issued for him by the authorities, Assisted by Zaleshoff, he succeeds in making his escape from Milan.
"We are ,,, deploying more people into Côte d'Ivoire -- police, military people and people to work directly with the office of the prime minister" Mbeki told a news conference in Pretoria.
Mercedes-Benz USA (MBUSA), headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey, is responsible for the sales, marketing and service of all Mercedes-Benz and Maybach products in the United States.
Since joining the Key to the Cure campaign three years ago, Mercedes-Benz has donated over $2 million toward finding new detection methods, treatments and cures for women's cancers.
Airbus could site a design engineering centre in the Midlands region of the UK to take advantage of the availability of skilled engineering staff following the demise of MG Rover, the collapsed UK carmaker.
ASCAP is a membership association of more than 200,000 U,S, composers, songwriters, lyricists and music publishers of every kind of music.
The drug dealers from Morro da Rocinha are in a war against drug dealers from the neighbouring Vidigal favela.
U,S, District Judge Leonie Brinkema accepted would-be hijacker Zacarias Moussaoui's guilty pleas on six charges of conspiracy laid against him for his plotting to participate in the Sept, 11 attacks , Moussaoui, who had to be restrained at one point during the trial in an Alexandria, Virginia courthouse, was polite and quiet during the day's appearance.
In the two weeks since his death, police have been posted outside the Beijing home where Mr, Zhao spent his last 15 years under house arrest and where hundreds have been assembling to pay tribute, Agents have been turning many of the mourners away.
Unfortunately, a visit from Mrs Hobday, causes Mr Browne to leave for London.
In conversations with Ms, Robbins, it is understood that Armstrong Environmental Inc, has been retained by past or present owners or some combination of these parties.
A light blue 1975 Ford Escort GL once owned by Pope John Paul II sold for $690,000 Saturday to a Houston multimillionaire who said he plans to put it in a museum he wants to build in his hometown.
A strong supporter of the "Italian road to socialism", he was close to Enrico Berlinguer, and gained a position in the party secretariat, In 1969, he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group, In 1984, after Berlinguer's death, Natta was elected as party secretary.
In 1969, he drew up the report proposing the expulsion from the party of the Manifesto group, In 1984, after Berlinguer's death, Natta was elected as party secretary.
According to Nelson Beavers, who is a co-owner of the current company, Carolina Analytical Laboratories, LLC, and has ownership/employment history with Woodson-Tenent and Eurofins, the septic system was installed in the early 1990s.
According to Nelson Beavers, who is a co-owner of the current company, Carolina Analytical Laboratories, LLC, and has ownership/employment history with Woodson-Tenent and Eurofins, the septic system was installed in the early 1990s.
Côte d'Ivoire's President Laurent Gbagbo promulgated new election laws on July 14, including the creation of an independent electoral commission to oversee the presidential vote, which is slated for October 30.
Côte d'Ivoire's President Laurent Gbagbo promulgated new election laws on July 14, including the creation of an independent electoral commission to oversee the presidential vote, which is slated for October 30.
Nival was founded in 1996 by Sergey Orlovskiy, In early 2005, the company was bought by Ener1 Group, a Florida-based holdings company, for around US$10 million.
Nokia, Texas Instruments and other leading makers of mobile phones have formally complained to Brussels that Qualcomm, the US mobile chipmaker, has unfairly used its patents on 3G technologies.
Last year's collapse of Italian dairy company Parmalat , with "14,3 billion euros that must still be accounted for", is given as evidence for "a lack of effective tools and controls regarding financial operations".
Councilman Pierce had built the home for his daughter on E, 28th Street off Rossville Blvd, as he lives nearby.
Councilman Pierce had built the home for his daughter on E, 28th Street off Rossville Blvd, as he lives nearby.
As late as 1799, priests were still being imprisoned or deported to penal colonies and persecution only worsened after the French army led by General Louis Alexandre Berthier captured Rome and imprisoned Pope Pius VI, who would die in captivity in Valence, Drôme, France in August of 1799.
South African President Thabo Mbeki, the main mediator in Côte d'Ivoire's peace process, said on Sunday that Pretoria is heightening its intervention in the West African nation to pave the way for elections later this year.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble, Even with a $1,8 billion Research and Development budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies.
He also referred to the "illegal" arrest on 31 May of Mexican Professor Maria Eugenia Ochoa Garcia, whom the Salvadoran government accused of having connections with the Salvadoran guerrillas.
Animals are permitted to enter the UK 6 months later without quarantine as long as they have been treated for ticks, fleas and tapeworms between 24 and 48 hours before boarding the transport that will return the pets to the UK.
The president Cristiani spoke today at the El Salvador military airport before he left for Costa Rica to attend the inauguration ceremony of president-elect Rafael Calderon Fournier.
From 1016 to 1030 the Normans were pure mercenaries, serving either Byzantines or Lombards, and then Sergius of Naples, by installing their leader Rainulf in the fortress of Aversa in 1030, gave them their first pied-à-terre and they began an organized conquest of the land.
Five years later, Rennyo returned to the Kyoto area, establishing new Honganji branch temples, During this time, he established a new form of liturgy (gongyo), incorporating elements that would eventually become the core of Honganji Shinshu Buddhism.
Forced to flee attack again in 1471 Rennyo travelled to Yoshizaki, where he built a popular temple which attracted many peasant converts from the region.
State Police issued bulletins via teletype requesting patrols to be on the lookout for Robert Senacal, 35, of Cortlandt Manor.
Centre-left voters in Italy have chosen Romano Prodi as the candidate who will challenge Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in next year's election, The former European Commission president and Italian PM won 73,5% of votes, according to partial results of primaries.
The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27,5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$9,4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft.
A former FBI special agent, Rowley, and Becky Lourey, whose son was killed in Iraq, will leave for Texas on Thursday and camp at the site for a few days.
George Hawi's assassination came on the heels of the conclusion of the last round of parliamentary elections, which saw a coalition of opposition candidates led by Saad Hariri, son of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafik Hariri , capture a majority of seats.
Saddam Hussein accepted an 11th-hour offer to flee into exile weeks ahead of the U,S,-led 2003 invasion, but Arab League officials scuttled the proposal, officials in this Gulf state claimed.
They named themselves for Saint Joan of Arc, The brigade began with 17 women, but soon grew to 135 members, Its mission was to obtain money, weapons, provisions, and information for the combatant men, Many smuggled weapons into the combat zones by carrying them in carts filled with grain or cement.
Scott Stevens, the Idaho meteorologist who claimed that a weather manipulating conspiracy (possibly under the control of Japanese Yakuza mafia) caused Hurricane Katrina, has quit his job at KPVI-TV in Pocatello.
Scott's execution led to outrage in Ontario, and was largely responsible for prompting the Wolseley Expedition, which forced Louis Riel, now branded a murderer, to flee the settlement.
State Police issued bulletins via teletype requesting patrols to be on the lookout for Robert Senacal, 35, of Cortlandt Manor.
So far Sony BMG has not released a list of how many of its CDs are protected or how many have been sold.
Southwest Airlines on Thursday said rebuilding service at New Orleans was its number one priority as it unveiled its 58th consecutive quarterly profit and enhanced fuel hedges to extend its competitive advantage over rivals.
Carmine Rocco, Health Director was contacted in June by Sue Robbins, Division of Waste Management, to advise him that she would be in the county to conduct a site visit to the former Woodson-Tenent Laboratory.
In 1869 Sumner resigned his see, but continued to live at the official residence at Farnham until his death on the 15th of August 1874.
Paralysis was followed by aphasia, and after acute pain, followed by a long period of apathy, from which death relieved Swift in October 1745.
Swift was offered and accepted the post of secretary and chaplain to the Earl of Berkeley, one of the Lords Justices, but when he reached Ireland he found that the secretaryship had been given to another.
Prior to that, Andy Sipowicz began to date Assistant District Attorney Sylvia Costas, They got married in 1995 and had a son Theo in 1996.
The south Indian flute had only seven finger holes till the 1970s when the legendary T,R, Mahalingam introduced the eight holed variety.
New research shows there has been a sharp increase in disfiguring skin cancers, particularly in women under the age of 40, providing more evidence that young people are not heeding warnings about the dangers of tanning.
Nokia, Texas Instruments and other leading makers of mobile phones have formally complained to Brussels that Qualcomm, the US mobile chipmaker, has unfairly used its patents on 3G technologies.
The Auburn High School Athletic Hall of Fame recently introduced its Class of 2005 which includes 10 members.
In 1955, the Aurora Borealis, a coating applied to crystal stones to produce a "rainbow of colors" effect was introduced.
According to COPREFA, another soldier was wounded in a guerrilla ambush against the elite Bracamonte Battalion on a highway in central El Salvador.
The Bolan Pass is a gap through the Toba Kakar Range of mountains on the border of Pakistan, The British took the threat of a Russian invasion of India via the Khyber and Bolan Passes very seriously so in 1837, a British envoy was sent to Kabul to gain support of the Emir, Dost Mohammed, In February of 1839, the British Army under Sir John Keane took 12,000 men through the Bolan Pass and entered Kandahar.
The Canadian parliament's Ethics Commission said former immigration minister, Judy Sgro, did nothing wrong and her staff had put her into a conflict of interest.
The Counts of Holland and Geldern, between whose territories the lands of the Bishops of Utrecht lay, also sought to acquire influence over the filling of the episcopal see, This often led to disputes and consequently the Holy See frequently interfered in the election.
The end result says that 61,6% of the Dutch people vote (against) the European Constitution, while 38,4% voted (for) the Constitution.
The land claims agreement must still be approved by the Canadian House of Commons , but has already passed through the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Chicago White Sox Charities also provides annual ongoing support to programs such as Special Olympics and the Inner City Little League.
Since the island also lacks wells, water has to be obtained from rain carefully collected in concrete cisterns.
In Italy, big protests by students and university staff against government reforms to higher education brought parts of central Rome to a standstill on Tuesday.
The bus, which was heading for Nairobi in Kenya , crashed in the Kabale district of Uganda near the Rwandan border.
The Kakhovskaya Line is a line of the Moscow Metro, Currently it is the only line that exists outside the ring, It is the shortest line in Moscow, Although the line was formed in 1995, the stations date to 1969 when they were opened as part of the Zamoskvoretskaya Line.
The pet passport is a pink A4 sheet which contains the microchip number and certification that the dog has a rabies vaccination, and needs to be signed by a veterinary surgeon who has LVI status, The passport is not to be confused with the much smaller purple folder routinely issued by vets which records the complete vaccination history of the pet.
The man known as just the "Piano Man" has left the hospital and has returned home to his native Germany, According to British tabloids, the man, after losing his job in Paris, travelled to the UK through the Channel Tunnel.
The man known as just the "Piano Man" has left the hospital and has returned home to his native Germany, According to British tabloids, the man, after losing his job in Paris, travelled to the UK through the Channel Tunnel.
Traditionally, the Brahui of the Raisani tribe are in charge of the law and order situation through the Pass area, This tribe is still living in present day Balochistan in Pakistan.
The Armed Forces Press Committee (COPREFA) admitted that the government troops sustained 11 casualties in these clashes, adding that they inflicted three casualties on the rebels.
Four US cable companies, including industry leaders Comcast Corp and Time Warner Cable, have entered the fast-growing wireless arena through a joint venture with Sprint Nextel.
A computer system failure closed down share trading at the Tokyo Stock Exchange for most of yesterday, the worst disruption to date for Asia's largest bourse.
Tom Online revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2005 were US$42,78 mn, an increase of 38,5% over the same period in 2004.
Tom Online revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2005 were US$42,78 mn, an increase of 38,5% over the same period in 2004.
Anglo/Dutch Royal Dutch Shell, Total, of France, and Spain's Repsol were all named as examples of established oil companies involved in the oil-for-food programme before surcharges began in 2001.
Violence over the last week killed 23 people, two worshippers dragged from a mosque and shot, underlining the challenges of bringing stability and strengthening Afghanistan's fledgling democracy.
A senior Russian politician has hailed a decision by Uzbekistan to shut down a United States military base there, although Moscow officially denies that it is applying pressure on Central Asian states to expel American forces.
The decision by Uzbekistan was the latest development in diplomatic fallout with Washington over U,S, criticism about a violent crackdown against anti-government protestors last May.
Vance used to be Hooper's supervisor, he said, but was let go several months ago.
Vera Beers, of Olivet, recently was named employee of the month at Standard Printing in Marshall.
Vera Beers, of Olivet, recently was named employee of the month at Standard Printing in Marshall.
The activists had been imprisoned in relation to their protest in the main square of Krakow , Poland, against the presence of Vladimir Putin at the ceremonies for the 60th anniversary of the freeing of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp.
GUS on Friday disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non-UK retail operation with the 390m (265m) sale of the Dutch home shopping company, Wehkamp, to Industri Kapital, a private equity firm.
GUS on Friday disposed of its remaining home shopping business and last non-UK retail operation with the ?390m (£265m) sale of the Dutch home shopping company, Wehkamp, to Industri Kapital, a private equity firm.
White supported Gough Whitlam's Labor government of 1972 to 1975, and after Whitlam was ousted in the 1975 constitutional crisis, became particularly anti-royalist.
Around this time, White decided that he would not accept any more prizes for his work, He declined both the $10,000 Britannia Award and another Miles Franklin Award.
In 1975, a 19 year old Wilkins was handed the captaincy of Chelsea, despite the presence of elder and more experienced players in the squad.
Though Wilkins and his family settled quickly in Italy, it wasn't a successful era for Milan, and Wilkins was allowed to leave in 1987 to join French outfit Paris Saint-Germain.
Kuwait becomes the fourth Gulf country where women as well as men can vote in elections, Saudi Arabia holds strictly limited, male-only elections.
The fifth World Social Forum (WSF) has kicked off in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul state, Brazil.
US President George W, Bush has indicated he will invite Abbas to the United States for talks, something he never did with Abbas's predecessor, the late Yasser Arafat .
Zapatero visited the following cities in four days: Brasilia, São Paulo, Buenos Aires and Santiago de Chile, According to official sources these visits are the last part of the project he began at the EU-Latin American Summit in Guadalajara, Mexico and pursued in the Ibero-American meeting in Costa Rica in November.
Some large Russian oil companies, including Lukoil, Zarubezhneft, the state-owned oil company, and Alpha Eco, the trader, were implicated by the report.
Zhao was removed from his position as secretary general of the Communist Party of China and placed under house arrest in 1989 after denouncing the use of force against student protesters in Tiananmen Square.
Zhao, who died at 85, was a reformer who was removed from office, and imprisoned, in 1989 after denouncing the use of force against student protesters in Tiananmen Square.
Though fearful of a forthcoming performance evaluation by her boss, Zoe must unravel the life of a man just found dead of a heart attack, who was supposed to have died three years earlier in a boating accident.
In 1856 Manuel Ruiz Zorrilla was elected deputy, and soon attracted notice among the most advanced Progressists and Democrats, He took part in the revolutionary propaganda that led to the military movement in Madrid on June 22, 1866, He had to take refuge in France for two years, like his fellow-conspirators, and only returned to Spain when the revolution of 1868 took place.
"Child labor" is, generally speaking, work for children that harms them or exploits them in some way (physically, mentally, morally, or by blocking access to education).
"Glue sniffing" is most common among teenagers, They generally grow out of it once other drugs such as alcohol and cannabis become available to them, Seven-year-olds have been known to start "glue sniffing", Because of the social stigma attached to "glue sniffing" most snifters stop around 16 or 17 years, unless they are seriously addicted.
A decision to allow the exiled Italian royal family to return to Italy may be granted amid the discovery that the head of the family, Prince Vittorio Emmanuele, addressed the president of Italy properly, He has called President Ciampi "our president, the president of all Italians".
A former philosophy teacher whose best-known novel, Sophie's World, was a surprise international best-seller.
A large proportion of young children in Ukraine suffer from various health problems that have probably gone undiagnosed until now, but which are being detected in connection with the Chernobyl disaster, This could well point to a weak health care system and harsh living conditions.
A powerful typhoon battered the northern and central Philippines with rains and winds Thursday, killing at least three people and cutting off roads, Authorities canceled flights and ferry service and shut down schools, Typhoon Xangsane, packing winds of 81 mph made landfall overnight in the Bicol central region and was forecast to pass through the capital Manila, the Philippine weather bureau said.
A radiation leak at a nuclear power plant in Yeonggwang, South Jeolla province, led officials yesterday to shut down the facility.
A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl accident have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme, The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle.
A suicide attack is an attack in which the attacker or attackers intend to kill others and intend to die in the process (see suicide), In a suicide attack in the strict sense the attacker dies by the attack itself, for example in an explosion or crash caused by the attacker.
A unique feature of previous Ebola outbreaks has been the relative sparing of children, For the first time, an out break of an unusual illness-Ebola haemorrhagic fever occurred in Northern Uganda - Gulu district.
Accompanied by Sioux prayers and the keening of Scottish bagpipes, a plain cotton shirt was returned to South Dakota this past summer.
Actor Christopher Reeve, best known for his role as Superman, is paralyzed and cannot breathe without the help of a respirator after breaking his neck in a riding accident in Culpeper, Va,, on Saturday.
After years of study, the Vatican's doctrinal congregation has sent church leaders a confidential document concluding that "sex-change" procedures do not change a person's gender in the eyes of the church.
Although the number of the confirmed Ebola cases has risen slightly to 26 in Gabon and to 16 in Congo Brazzaville, new infections are now so low that it seems the epidemic is "burning out".
Anna Politkovskaya was found shot dead on Saturday in a lift at her block of flats in the Russian capital, Moscow.
Anti-nuclear protesters on Wednesday delayed the progress of a shipment of radioactive waste toward a dump in northern Germany, The train stopped for the fourth time since crossing into Germany as it neared the northern town of Lueneburg.
Arlene Blum is a legendary trailblazer by any measure, Defying the climbing establishment of the 1970s, she led the first teams of women on successful ascents of Mt, McKinley and Annapurna, and was the first American woman to attempt Mt, Everest, In her long, adventurous career, she has played a leading role in more than twenty expeditions and forged a place for women in the perilous arena of high-altitude mountaineering.
Around 130 flights were cancelled during a strike held on 19 January, and others were cancelled in the days that followed, When the flight assistants announced a further 24-hour for 23 January, the Italian Guarantee Authority (Commissione di Garanzia) which regulates strikes in essential public services (under the terms of laws no, 194/1990 and no, 83/2000) (IT0004266F) accused the unions of breaching the legal provision that 10 days must elapse between one strike and the next.
As parties adapt to these new conditions, new definitions - replete with new assumptions about their functions - are likely to shape the ongoing debate about their roles and functions in the 21st century.
As the terms denoting this allowance vary, it may sometimes remain unclear whether fathers have any entitlements at all, and if so, to what exactly they are entitled.
Asia has the highest number of child workers, but Sub-Saharan Africa has the highest proportion of working children relative to population.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on Sri Lanka's army headquarters, while the head of the army has been seriously injured, Lt Gen Sarath Fonseka is said to be in a stable condition after surgery in Colombo, where the attack happened, The military has blamed Tamil Tiger rebels for the attack and launched air strikes on their positions in the east.
Athletics' governing body, the IAAF, last week cleared Ottey of accusations of steroid use and lifted a two-year ban after their arbitration panel said the IOC-accredited lab in Lausanne improperly tested Ottey's urine sample.
Based on a worldwide study of smoking-related fire and disaster data, UC Davis epidemiologists show smoking is a leading cause of fires and death from fires globally.
Between March and June, scientific observers say, up to 300,000 seals are killed, In Canada, seal-hunting means jobs, but opponents say it is vicious and endangers the species, also threatened by global warming.
Both sides have a point, German spelling does need overhauling: over the decades, it has grown more unwieldy, But the reform, approved by German-speaking countries in 1996, does not make the rules much easier, and in some cases the new way is harder.
British mountaineer Alison Hargreaves becomes the first woman to climb Mount Everest alone and without oxygen tanks.
Busby countered, telling The Iconoclast, the point is that material from Chernobyl which is 1,800 miles to the east of Great Britain traveled to Great Britain and contaminated Wales, Scotland, and various parts of the United Kingdom, And they might as well have said that it was equally unfeasible for it to travel that distance in the opposite direction to the general flow of the wind, but we have examined computer Models of wind directions over the period of the Gulf War and its quite clear the material from Iraq could have come through the United Kingdom because of the particular types of depressions and anticyclone systems that were there.
Carelessness by contractors is a common cause of fire, including many fires that result in serious financial loss, It has been estimated that perhaps 20-25% of all non-domestic fires result from 'on-going work', such as refurbishment, repair and construction.
Castro's successful visits to Harlem and the Bronx, his speech to the United Nations General Assembly, and the October 21 march of 3,000 against U,S, policy and subsequent picket lines at Cuba's UN mission in defense of the revolution - all these events dealt blows to the U,S, government's unceasing efforts to isolate and slander Cuba.
Catastrophic floods in Europe endanger lives and cause human tragedy as well as heavy economic losses.
China's announcement of a rival Panchen Lama to the boy already recognized by the Dalai Lama are indications that its Communist regime is desperate in using any means possible to strengthen control over Tibet and Tibetan affairs.
Chirac needed a new mandate for his government from the electorate, or a new left government was needed that could count on the support of the trade union bureaucracy and among the working class and so would encounter less resistance.
Christopher Reeve, an actor and director who became an inspiration worldwide after being paralyzed in a horse riding accident, died Sunday of heart failure.
Claes denied categorically that they had ever known of the existence of an Agusta proposal, and told the NATO ambassadors that he did not know anything about an Agusta payment to the Socialist Party.
Claes was foreign minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1994, and secretary general of NATO from 1994 until 1995, when he was forced to resign because of allegations of corruption related to improper contracts for Agusta helicopters approved by him while he was minister of economic affairs, For that he also lost his civil rights for numerous years.
Climate change is with us, A decade ago, it was conjecture, Now the future is unfolding before our eyes, Canada's Inuit see it in disappearing Arctic ice and permafrost.
COLOMBO (Reuters) - At least five people were killed and 11 wounded when a suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber blew herself up inside a police station in the Sri Lankan capital on Wednesday, shattering more than two years of relative peace.
Commander Thomas Karremans, who was in charge of Dutch troops in Srebrenica at the time, was filmed drinking a toast with war-crimes suspect and Serb general Ratko Mladic.
Cosmonaut Sergei Avdeyev, currently on board the Mir space station, has become the person with the longest total stay in space, He has clocked up 681 days.
Cuban Leader Fidel Castro sent a letter to United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan assuring him that Cuba will follow anti-terrorism treaties in the wake of last month's terrorist attacks against New York and Washington.
Dana Reeve, the widow of the actor Christopher Reeve, has died of lung cancer at age 44, according to the Christopher Reeve Foundation.
David Millar retained his Tour de France leader's yellow jersey despite crashing in the final two kilometres of the third stage of the race to Nantes.
Diana, Princess of Wales died on Sunday, 31 August 1997 following a car crash in Paris, There was widespread public mourning at the death of this popular figure, culminating with her funeral at Westminster Abbey on Saturday, 6 September 1997.
Digging in the badlands of east central Utah on a tip from a repentant poacher, researchers have unearthed the fossil remains of a dinosaur "missing link".
Domestic fire incidents have an important impact on population health by contributing to early death, serious and often disfiguring injuries, and ongoing disability, Fire-related injury is a leading cause of unintentional injury in the home in all age groups.
Ebola haemorrhagic fever is a fatal disease caused by a new virus which has no known cure, When a new epidemic was detected in Zaire in the spring of 1995, it was widely perceived as a threat to the West, Public attention was intense.
Ecuador has received short shrift in U,S, policy debates, Yet in recent years, significant public debate has taken place in Ecuador on the joint U,S,/Colombian initiative and its effects on Ecuador and its citizens.
Elsewhere, Mozambique took its first ever Olympic gold medal when Maria Mutola won the women's eight-hundred metres, while the men's ten-thousand-metres went to the Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie.
English has been written using the Latin alphabet since around the ninth century, (Before that, Old English had been written using the Anglo-Saxon Futhorc,) The spelling system or orthography of English is historical, not phonological.
Estimates vary widely, but it is believed there are up to 100 million children toiling in homes, factories, shops, fields, brothels and on the streets of rural and urban India.
Europe's economic environment has altered considerably over the last thirty years, and the economies of European countries have progressively opened up to the global economy, As a result, the competitiveness of the European economies is dependent not just on production costs, but also on the performance of pension and social security systems guaranteeing security for the future.
Everest Grand Circle Expedition, Nepal and Tibet, First circumambulation of Everest; trekking, skiing, and mountaineering, First American winter ascent of Pumori (elev, 23,422'), Immortalized in the book Everest Grand Circle, Ned Gillette, Jan Reynolds, Jim Bridwell, Steve McKinney, Craig Calonica and Rick Barker.
Every year Israel jails individuals simply because they refuse to perform military service for reasons of conscience.
Every year, about a quarter of all children sustain an injury serious enough to require medical attention, school absences, and/or bed rest.
Ewald, now 74, headed the East German Sports Federation from 1961 to 1988, He was found guilty of making 142 East German sportswomen, mostly swimmers and athletes, take banned performance-enhancing drugs.
Fake prehistoric rock art of a caveman with a shopping trolley has been hung on the walls of the British Museum.
Fiona North, Ophthalmic Adviser with the SHSSB added: Eye injuries caused by fireworks are extremely serious and can permanently damage eyesight, I would urge those who are co-ordinating efficient firework displays to use appropriate eye protection.
First Canadian and then Dutch peacekeepers were deployed in Srebrenica, Seven hundred and fifty lightly armed UN peace-keepers were responsible for disarming Srebrenica's Muslim defenders and "deterring" Bosnian Serb attacks against the safe area, Two years later, a Serb flag flew where the UN's once did and 7,079 Muslim men were missing.
Floods are one of Europe's most widespread disasters, Major flooding has occurred nearly every year somewhere on our continent during the last few decades.
For example, the fields of Western farmers feed the United States and many other parts of the world, and India's irrigation systems have enabled that country to be self-sufficient in food production since 1974, In addition, in many parts of the world dams have helped to remedy life-threatening problems such as poverty from lack of economic development, famine as a result of drought, devastation from floods, and continued disease from lack of potable water supplies.
For women earning 22,000 a year, the total pay accumulated after six months maternity leave would be just 5,300 in the UK and 5,850 in Ireland, Entitlements in Germany would also be relatively low, at 5,900, along with those in France, Spain and the Netherlands, all at 6,750, At the other end of the scale, pay received after six months leave in Italy would be 9,150 while in Denmark and Norway it would be as much as 11,000.
Foreign Carmakers Gain in Russia, The likes of Daewoo, Ford, Renault, and more can't produce fast enough.
France is the only country with two fully governmental elections, Parliamentary elections in France, when they create a new parliamentary majority, lead to a new government.
Fujimori charged that on January 26, 1995, Ecuador fired the first shot, an allegation denied by Ecuador's leader, Sixto Duran-Ballen, Predictably, each side blamed the other for starting the 1995 conflict, just as each pointed the finger of guilt to the other for provoking the border war of 1941, when Peru took most of the 120,000 square miles in contention between the two countries.
Glue-sniffing and other forms of solvent abuse are being overlooked in the fight against drugs, according to a new report.
Since the ancient Greeks, inhalation has been recognized as a highly effective means of ingesting drugs, The extensive capillary surface area of the lungs allows rapid absorption, with a subsequent "rush" that has often been described as second in intensity only to intravenous injection.
Greece objects to the neighbouring Skopje government using the name Macedonia, saying it implies claims on a Greek province of the same name.
His (or her) mandate is always to form a coalition based on a majority in the Dutch Parliament and a general agreement on policy ('regeerakkoord'), During a formation parties barter, letting go of some goals to achieve others.
His group's recently developed computer program, which provides group intelligence for a swarm of mini-robots to rapidly pin-point a source of contagion, can also be used by a group of humans carrying minicomputers, global positioning receivers, and simple radio equipment to find a skier buried in whiteness.
Hubble is helping astronomers precisely calculate the age of the universe by providing accurate distances to galaxies, an important prerequisite for calculating age, Hubble measures the distances to neighboring galaxies by finding accurate "milepost markers," a special class of pulsating star called Cepheid variables, These, in turn, are being used to calibrate more remote milepost markers.
If you have an immediate problem with ice dams, you should remove the snow from the part of the roof directly above the ice dam, This limits the amount of water that can collect behind the dam.
In 1979, the very first cases of AIDS appeared in New York, Cases of the disease that had never been seen prior to 1979, but is now considered more deadly than the bubonic plague, continued to surface in California and New York, almost exclusively in homosexual men.
In 1999, Victor Conte was sent two vials of a new drug by a chemist he knew and he started giving it to some of his clients, Including says Conte, one of Americas most iconic sportswomen, Marion Jones, who was about to compete in the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
In Bosnia, diplomatic determination combined with military muscle to create an opportunity to secure a peace rather than permit instability to undermine this fragile region and U,S, interests.
In Britain, they channel their energies into gardening and riding, In Holland, they travel by bicycle to prove that they are of the people, But, conforming to a national stereotype, the Italian royal family, exiled from their homeland for 60 years, prefer fast cars and beautiful women.
In February of 1995, one man single-handedly bankrupted the bank that financed the Napoleonic Wars, Founded in 1762, Barings Bank was Britain's oldest merchant bank and Queen Elizabeth's personal bank.
In November 1990, the president announced that opposition political parties would be permitted to organize in 1991, Several new parties emerged, including the Democratic Republican Movement (MDR), the Liberal Party (LP), the Democratic and Socialist Party (PSD), and the Coalition for the Defense of the Republic (CDR).
In November 2005, the EU announced a partial suspension of the PCA with all subcommittees and the Cooperation Committee suspended indefinitely, An arms embargo has also put in place, whilst a year-long visa ban has been imposed upon 12 Uzbek officials believed to have played a part in the forcible suppression of the Andijan demonstrations.
In the history of art, prehistoric art is all art produced in preliterate cultures (prehistory), beginning somewhere in very late geological history.
In this respect, the reforms required across Europe are similar: stronger incentives within pension systems to delay retirement, rules which facilitate gradual retirement, incentives for workers to save for their retirement, and public information measures to improve awareness of the options available.
It also raised questions about the quality of financial regulation in Singapore, where derivatives losses run up by former trader Nick Leeson led to the 1995 collapse of Barings Plc.
It is estimated that the disaster resulting from the deliberate crash of a Jumbo-Jet on a nuclear power station would be a multiple of the Chernobyl accident in the worst case by a factor of 60.
It was difficult to assess the objectives behind increased militia activity in East Timor, but its intent seemed to be to continue a pattern of violence against civilians and the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (UNTAET) in order to undermine the transition process, Hedi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, told the Security Council this morning.
Italian director Federico Fellini was older than his American peers at his first nomination and, like other foreigners, had not been nominated for his earlier masterworks, "La Strada" and "Nights of Cabiria", though both films had won the Best Foreign-Language Picture in 1956 and 1957, respectively, Fellini later received an Honorary Oscar in 1993, which was basically a compensatory gesture.
Italian film-maker, Fellini was awarded an honorary Oscar for lifetime achievement, He died on October 31, 1993.
Italy's highest court has upheld a court verdict that partially cleared former Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti of having colluded with the Mafia.
Jill Pilgrim, general counsel of USA Track and Field, brought up the issue during a panel on women's sports at the sports lawyers conference, Pilgrim said the law regarding who is legally considered a woman is changing as sex-change operations become more common.
Kieslowski later said that he abandoned documentary filmmaking due to two experiences: the censorship of Workers '71, which caused him to doubt whether truth could be told literally under an authoritarian regime, and an incident during the filming of Station (1981) in which some of his footage was nearly used as evidence in a criminal case, He decided that fiction not only allowed more artistic freedom, but could portray everyday life more truthfully.
Last week, saw the fall of the Dutch right wing coalition government, made up of the Christian-democrats (CDA) led by Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende, the right wing liberal party (VVD) and the so-called left-liberal D66.
LISBON, Jan, 22 (Xinhuanet) -- Anibal Cavaco Silva, a former prime minister, won Portugal's presidential election on Sunday.
Macedonia seems confident it can weather the storm, but some fear Athens may soon take things up a notch.
Medium-size black holes actually do exist, according to the latest findings from NASA's Hubble Space Telescope, but scientists had to look in some unexpected places to find them, The previously undiscovered black holes provide an important link that sheds light on the way in which black holes grow.
Mental health problems in children and adolescents are on the rise, the British Medical Association has warned, and services are ill-equipped to cope.
Most people are familiar with the idea of St, Bernards or other dogs taking part in rescue and recovery efforts, Robots might also take part in search and rescue missions.
Mozambique's Maria Mutola and Israel's Alex Averbukh produced the best performances of the year, in the women's 800 metres and men's pole vault, at the Super Grand Prix in Madrid on Saturday.
Mr Gregory's conclusion in 1994 was that the ceremony, transferred to the more convenient nearest Sunday, was dying out, However, that year the Conservative government proclaimed "festivities" to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Normandy landings.
NASA's two Great Observatories, the Hubble Space Telescope and the Chandra X-ray Observatory, have independently provided what could be the best direct evidence yet for the existence of an event horizon, the defining feature of a black hole.
Nevertheless, increased longevity and falling birth rates are major factors making many state pension systems across Europe unsustainable in their present form, Some member states have already introduced major reforms (e,g, Germany, France and Austria) others have continued to adapt their existing systems.
Nevertheless, the international reputation of some Polish artists, notably the film maker Krzysztof Kieslowski, has never been higher, To use a crass commercial yardstick, the DVD boxed set of his Decalogue series (ten one-hour dramas based loosely on the Ten Commandments, made for Polish TV in 1988) is currently number 3,700 in Amazon,com's sales rankings (about even with The Alfred Hitchcock Signature Collection).
New York boasts the largest number of billionaires, with 40 residing in the Big Apple, The world's youngest billionaire is 22-year-old Hind Hariri, daughter of assassinated former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri.
Next year is the 50th anniversary of the Normandy invasion, an event that wouldn't have been possible without the Liberty ships, The volunteers hope to raise enough money to sail the O'Brien to France for the big D-Day celebration.
Nicholas Burns stated in an exclusive interview for "Utrinski Vesnik" from Pristina that it would be disgraceful if Athens puts a veto on Macedonia's application for membership in the European Union and NATO.
Nick Leeson was jailed for fraud following the collapse of Barings Bank in 1995, He had run up losses of 850m on the Far East stock markets.
Northwest Strikes: If Northwest flight attendants go on strike on the 15th, what does that mean for travelers? I have a trip booked on the 24th, Will NW rebook us with other airlines?.
Oh Eun-sun was the first Korean woman to climb Mt, Everest solo, For all the hardships she must have endured, she merely says that she was lucky, She now reminisces about the days she spent in that mountain.
On 24 March 1992, the number 3 power generating unit at the Leningrad Atomic Power Station in Sosnovyi Bor underwent an emergency shutdown, The plant suffered a steam leak, which spewed a total of some 3 thousand curies into the atmosphere.
ON 29 June the Dutch right-wing coalition government collapsed, It was made up of the Christian-democrats (CDA) led by Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende, the right wing liberal party (VVD) and the so-called 'left-liberal' D66.
On February 1, 1990, during a spacewalk, Alexander Serebrov dons an experimental flying armchair that had been delivered to Mir with Kvant 2, Unlike U,S, astronauts, who flew untethered flights with a similar device, the Soviet cosmonaut remains attached to the station with a safety tether, since there is no space shuttle to pick him up in case of an emergency.
On July 12 Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio asks Pedro Santana Lopes to form a government, The new government is sworn in on July 17 and includes António Monteiro as foreign minister, Daniel Sanches as interior minister, and António Bago Flix as finance minister; Paulo Portas remains defense minister.
On June 29, 1995, the Space Shuttle Atlantis made history when it docked with the Russian Mir space station, as shown in this photograph.
Oscar-winning director Franco Zeffirelli has been awarded an honorary knighthood for his "valuable services to British performing arts".
Over a course of days, the bank went from apparent strength to bankruptcy, Barings was Britain's oldest merchant bank, It had financed the Napoleonic wars, the Louisiana purchase, and the Erie Canal, Barings was the Queen's bank.
People who are deaf or have hearing impairments, those who are blind or have vision impairments, and those with mobility impairments may face unique challenges in an emergency, Their ability to detect a fire or escape its effects may be hindered by their impairments, As a result, people with these impairments are at a greater risk of death or injury due to fire.
Political parties in PNG lack ideological conviction and rely almost exclusively on patronage politics, personalism, and regional bases, Several parties have emerged in Papua New Guinean politics, In the House of Assembly elected in 1973, the Pangu Pati, headed by Michael Somare, formed a coalition government with the People's Progress Party, and Somare became prime minister.
President Chirac has been advised that his resumption of nuclear testing would precipitate an international boycott of French products.
President Fujimori was first elected in 1990, and then re-elected in 1995 under a new constitution.
President Vladimir Putin vowed Monday to track down the killers of Anna Politkovskaya, while her colleagues at Novaya Gazeta pledged to continue her work despite dangers.
Prime Minister Jos Manuel Duro Barroso resigns, He is to assume the presidency of the European Commission later in the year (the European Parliament approves him on July 22).
Rabies is a viral disease of mammals and is transmitted primarily through bites, Annually, 7,000 to 8,000 rabid animals are detected in the United States, with more than 90 percent of the cases in wild animals.
Rabies virus infects the central nervous system, causing encephalopathy and ultimately death, Early symptoms of rabies in humans are nonspecific, consisting of fever, headache, and general malaise.
Research workers of the German archaeological institute have discovered a mummy in permafrost at excavation work in Mongolia of approximately 2,500 years old.
Ronaldo Luiz Nazario da Silva is quite simply one of the greatest strikers in the history of world football, capable of leaving an entire team for dead with his darting runs and dribbling ability, voted FIFA World Player of the Year on three occasions and already a double FIFA World Cup winner.
Russia doesn't excel in auto manufacturing, but it is tops in other areas, The country's great wealth in oil, natural gas, and metals, in addition to generating revenue for the government, is creating a new middle class that craves European, Japanese and American cars.
Russian cosmonaut Valery Polyakov set the record for the longest continuous amount of time spent in space, a staggering 438 days, between 1994 and 1995.
Seal hunting has been a tradition in Norway for thousands of years, but has dwindled recently with only about half the annual 1,200 quota being killed each year.
Secretary-General Kofi Annan and Nane Annan are greeted by President Fidel Castro upon their arrival at Jose Marti Airport in Havana on April 10.
September 26 - Trial against former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, accused of Mafia connections, begins.
September 26 - Trial against former Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, accused of Mafia connections, begins.
Sida does not take any new decisions on support to projects in the Baltic states.
Speaking about the papal visit, Castro also said the government had agreed to make available half of its transport to ensure people can attend masses the pope will celebrate in the cities of Havana, Santa Clara, Camaguey and Santiago de Cuba, Cuban church authorities have been concerned there will not be enough transport.
Stony Brook, NY (1/10/02)- The discovery of paleolithic art in a cave in South Africa is causing researchers to consider an older and less Euro-centric view of the origins of what is considered 'modern behavior'.
Strong support was given to water conservation, recycling and demand reduction options, while storage augmentation (dam building) was rejected on the grounds that there would not be sufficient water to fill any new dams.
Thanks to the thirty Heads who responded to my question about maternity leave, Clearly, the amount of maternity leave offered to teachers at international schools varies greatly from school to school.
The accident in the Ukrainian nuclear power plant at Chernobyl on April 26, 1986 brought along great harm for many people, There were immediate damages and consequential burdens for human beings, the environment and the economy over long distances.
The agreement also stated a period of transition for the Baltic countries to last until December 31, 1999, This was a much shorter period than that which was assigned to the Central European countries (their transition periods were declared to be 10 years), Estonia declined the transition period, Latvia received a transition period of four years, and Lithuania received a transition period of six years.
The British tabloids portrayed Nicholas Leeson as a working-class villain who single-handedly brought down Barings PLC, a 233-year-old London merchant bank that helped finance the Napoleonic wars.
The chain of events which led to the collapse of Barings, Britain's oldest merchant bank, is a demonstration of how not to manage a derivatives operation.
The conference found that many Australians experience discrimination through the Governmental, penal, legal and health care systems because of their mental health, race, skin colour, sexuality, sexual formation or refugee status.
The Dayton Peace Accords for Bosnia and Herzegovina was the first major peace agreement adopted after the Beijing conference, in December 1995.
The discovery is based on velocity measurements of a whirlpool of hot gas orbiting the black hole.
The discovery of the body of a warrior - thought to have died in battle more than 2,000 years ago - could help archaeologists to pinpoint the site of an ancient holy site, The young warrior, aged about 30, with his spear, a sword, his belt and scabbard, stunned archaeologists who found his stone coffin.
The Ebro Delta (delta de l'Ebro) is the largest humid zone in Catalonia, It is the second most important natural aquatic habitat in Spain after the Doana National Park, The Delta is of international importance for its plant species and its fauna.
The ecological problems stem in large part from the fact that the brackish water and productive coastal wetlands and natural areas are often supplied with nutrient-rich irrigation return water, sometimes from rice farming, The Ebro Delta and its wetlands suffer similar water quality problems since they lie around the fringes of the large Delta farm region.
The eighth Paralympic Winter Games are set to take place in Salt Lake City, Utah, For only the second time the Games are being held outside Europe, following the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano, Japan, And for the first time ever, there is just one combined organising committee for both the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, Just 10 days after the Winter Olympics concludes, the Paralympics will begin in the same venue.
The first dinosaur remains in south-east Asia were found in Laos as early as 1936, but little else eventuated until the 1980s, Much of the area is heavily vegetated, and although difficult to explore, promises many significant finds in the future, Thailand has provided the best finds, particularly from the Khorat Group, which covers the period from the late Triassic to the early Cretaceous .
The first half of 1997 has been a year of considerable progress for East Timor in the international arena, In April, a majority of members of the UN Commission on Human Rights voted in support of a strong resolution on East Timor, criticising the Indonesian government for its lack of progress on human rights in East Timor and calling for concrete steps to be taken to address the continuing violations.
The floods were exceptional since they affected an extensive area across Europe from the UK to Spain and as far east as the Black Sea coast, Economic losses amounted to EUR 9,2 bn in Germany, EUR 2,9 bn in Austria and EUR 2,3 bn in the Czech Republic, Total economic damage exceeds EUR 15 bn.
The ghost shirt was then donated to the Glasgow Museum in 1892 by an Indian interpreter and has remained a visitor attraction for 100 years, It became the subject of an ownership wrangle when descendants of the Sioux tribe petitioned for its return in 1995, The Wounded Knee Survivors Association including a Lakota elder had it returned to the tribe.
The golden jewellery, found in an intact Royal Macedonian tomb in 1977, is exquisite, It is now the prize exhibit in the archaeological museum in Thessaloniki and the label says that it came from the tomb of Philip II, Alexander the Great's father.
The group, along with a broad coalition of disarmament, environmental, peace, and religious organizations, expects the boycott to put pressure on French companies to exert their economic influence and encourage Chirac to end all nuclear weapons testing.
The increased amounts of carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases (GHGs) are the primary causes of the human-induced component of global warming.
The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd, raised $19,07 billion Friday after pricing its initial public offering at HK$3,07 (39 cents), the top end of its indicative price range, to become the world's biggest ever IPO.
The International Olympic Committee has leapt to the defence of the drug-testing lab at the centre of the Merlene Ottey doping case, Athletics' governing body, the IAAF, last week cleared Ottey of accusations of steroid use and lifted a two-year ban after their arbitration panel said the IOC-accredited lab in Lausanne improperly tested Ottey's urine sample.
The investigation came about following the collapse of Barings Bank, when one of its traders based in Singapore, Nick Leeson, amassed losses of the order of 600-700 million without the bank being aware of it.
The Italian air transport sector features many typical causes of industrial conflict, including: the troubled economic situation of Alitalia, Italy's flagship airline (IT0404304F); a set of specific factors concerning services delivery; and a marked fragmentation of trade union representation.
The Italian parliament may approve a draft law allowing descendants of the exiled royal family to return home, The family was banished after the Second World War because of the King's collusion with the fascist regime, but moves were introduced this year to allow their return.
The liner notes to the CD surmise that Farrakhan is the author of three selections, "Is She Is, or Is She Ain't", "Don't Touch Me Nylon," and "Female Boxer" and that is quite possible, The most interesting is the first of these three, a topical number on Christie Jorgensen, the subject of a series of sex change operations, While such transexual operations have since become more common, this was the first to receive high publicity.
The Longest Day ever lengthens, The 25th anniversary celebration of the first Normandy landing lasted three days; the 50th will spread out over a year.
The longest mission which the Russian Salyuts supported was 63 days, The second generation Salyuts would fly missions much longer and would need to be resupplied from time to time.
The longest mission which these Salyuts supported was 63 days, The second generation Salyuts would fly missions much longer and would need to be resupplied from time to time; therefore, a supply ferry was mandatory to maintain a fully operational Salyut for two years with 40,000 pounds of fuel, food, clothing and water.
The magazine said the number of billionaires worldwide increased by 102 people in 2006 to 793, a record number, largely due to bullish global stock markets, Their total net worth jumped 18 percent to $2,6 trillion.
The main institutionalised forms of recognition for those who have made a significant contribution in the fields of physics, chemistry, medicine, literature, as well as for those working for peace (and more recently in the area of economics), are the Nobel prizes.
The most recent figures from UNAids show a continent divided in two, In north Africa, up to 0,5% of the population has been infected with HIV, In sub-Saharan Africa, that figure is 8,8% but rising to almost 40% in some countries, In four countries - Botswana, Lesotho, Swaziland and Zimbabwe - at least one in three of the population is HIV positive.
The mystery of Alexander the Great's tomb still has not unraveled, and locating the burial of Alexander seems to have become an impossible mission for archaeologists.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee is responsible for the selection of the candidates and the choice of Prize Winners for the Peace Prize, The Committee is composed of five members appointed by the Storting (Norwegian parliament), The Peace Prize is awarded in Oslo, Norway and not in Stockholm, Sweden like the other Nobel Prizes.
The optimal style of dam building is specific to the particular macroproject, the nature of the geophysical worksite (Anon,, 2005) as well as social uncertainty, the undertaking management organizations experience, the operational complexities of many kinds of construction machinery and worker nationalities, the macroprojects situational geography and the logistics of its required compositional materials.
The original spelling reform of 1996, which was meant to harmonize the spelling rules across the German-speaking countries, turned out to be a major embarrassment if not outright failure.
The papers presented show that all European countries are experiencing rapidly aging populations that will cause sharp increases in the cost of retirement income over the next several decades.
The party system increased in importance during the Second Republic, Large, strong parties were fostered under the d'Hondt method of proportional representation, and parties soon began to receive state subsidies.
The policy focused on coca eradication from the territories of Peru and Bolivia, During the years of 1996 and 2000, much of the resources of "Andean Initiative" where utilized in intense aerial fumigation in coca producing areas.
The presidents of Ecuador and Peru say they have agreed to work together to try to find a peaceful solution to their long-running border dispute.
The royal tombs at Vergina were identified as the ancient capital of Aigai in the 1930s, A royal tomb identified as possibly Philip II of Macedonia, Alexander the Great's father, was found in 1977 by Manolis Andronikos.
The Salt Lake City 2002 Winter Olympics will take place from February 8th to February 24th 2002, The Paralympics will take place in Salt Lake City from March 7th to March 16th 2002.
The Sioux Ghost Shirt was a feature of Glasgow's Kelvingrove Museum for more than 100 years before being repatriated to its land of origin.
The son of Italy's last king returned to his homeland Monday, ending more than a half-century of exile, Victor Emmanuel and his family landed at a military airport in Rome in a private plane and headed immediately for an audience with Pope John Paul II.
The spread of AIDS in Africa is driven not by unsafe sex but by unsafe medical practice, according to research published last week.
The U,S, space shuttle Atlantis, its lights flashing like a beacon, smoothly docked with Russia's space station Mir Wednesday on its mission to pick up U,S, astronaut Shannon Lucid, who has spent a record-breaking six months in orbit.
The world's fast-growing thirst for water can only be met by purifying sea water as rivers and reservoirs become unable to meet demand, Spain said last week unveiling a major program to fight its own chronic shortages.
Then China rolled out the fake Panchen Lama, Gyaltsen Norbu, a teenager chosen as the reincarnation of a major lama by the atheist Communist leaders and trained since childhood to spout nationalist slogans while wearing robes, Newspapers reporting on the debacle generally tried to present both sides, but it seems fair to say there's really only one side to this sham and that pretty much nobody in the Tibetan community accepts Norbu as the real Panchen Lama, The Dalai Lama's choice for Panchen Lama, Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, has been in secret Chinese custody since 1995.
There are four identified subtypes of Ebola virus, Three of the four have caused disease in humans: Ebola-Zaire, Ebola-Sudan, and Ebola-Ivory Coast, The fourth, Ebola-Reston, has caused disease in non-human primates, but not in humans.
There are many motives for suicide attacks: religious beliefs, nationalistic ideologies, obedience to charismatic and authoritarian leaders, or desire for political change, The modus operandi may vary, whether to use one or several suicide bombers, whether to use men or women.
This coalition took seven months to form, the longest deadlock in Dutch history, It occurred only after negotiations between the CDA and the PvdA failed, first over tax issues, then over the issue of abortion.
This course helps students pursuing an AOS or AAS degree, gain an understanding of the experiences of Black people from hearing and deaf communities in America.
This is a kind of homework from last year's Halifax Summit, Discussions have taken place on how to rationalize and coordinate the various activities of the international organizations.
Three leading Japanese banks have announced an alliance forming the world's largest financial group, Fuji Bank, Dai-Ichi Kangyo and the Industrial Bank of Japan say their operations will be integrated by the spring of 2002.
Thus, China's President repeatedly sent letters and envoys to the Dalai Lama and to the Tibetan Government asking that Tibet "join" the Republic of China.
Two of Japan's biggest financial institutions on Friday announced plans to merge and create the world's largest bank, underscoring growing sentiments that the country's long troubled banking system has significantly improved.
Typhoon Chanchu, packing winds up to 170 kph (106 mph) and the strongest typhoon on record to enter the South China Sea in May, made landfall between the cities of Shantou and Xiamen and was advancing northeast, the Hong Kong Observatory said.
Typhoon Xangsane lashed the Philippine capital on Thursday, grounding flights, halting vessels and closing schools and markets after triggering fatal flash floods in the centre of the country.
Typhoon Xangsane was downgraded to a tropical storm Sunday as it moved inland from the central Vietnam coast, where it killed two people, injured at least 80 others and damaged hundreds of homes, officials and state-controlled media reported.
U,S, space shuttle Atlantis and its seven-member crew concluded their pursuit of the International Space Station (ISS) on Wednesday and docked with the orbital outpost at 12:05 EDT (1605 GMT).
UFJ Holdings Inc, said it wants to merge with Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc,, a combination that would surpass Citigroup Inc, as the world's biggest bank and accelerate Japan's attempts to clean up bad loans.
Unlike seal hunting in Canada, where pups are hunted for fur, poachers in China catch seals primarily to sell to zoos or to use the genital organs for traditional Chinese medicine.
We present a novel approach to enhance avalanche companion rescue using wearable sensing technologies, The time to find and extricate victims is most crucial: once buried by an avalanche, survival chances drop dramatically already after the first 15 minutes.
While the Baltic countries are set to join the European Union soon, their economies are already in good shape, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania boast the fastest economic growth in the entire Baltic Sea region, for example.
With the publication of Sophie's World in 1991, Gaarder gained international fame, Sophie's World spent three years as the best selling book in Norway, His first book to be translated into English, Sophie's World was also the top-selling book in Germany, France, and Great Britain.
Without a natural greenhouse effect, the temperature of the Earth would be about zero degrees F (-18C) instead of its present 57F (14C).
Worldwide, child labor is most prevalent in the agricultural sector, where children are widely used as day laborers, Working long hours, children working in agriculture are often exposed to harmful pesticides, dangerous machinery, backbreaking loads, and many other hazardous conditions.
Zinedine Zidane has beaten Thierry Henry and Ronaldo to the Fifa 2003 World Player of the Year award.
The Hubble is a scientific workhorse in the prime of its life, It is also the privileged photographer of the universe, Whether the images are of solar systems at birth, galaxies colliding, or the death throes of a star in supernova, Hubble's photos reveal both the ferocity and tranquillity of our universe.
The Jurassic Park Institute is an absolutely accurate way for kids to get excited about dinosaur science! Written by two noted paleontologists and illustrated in big bold colors, this kid-friendly nonfiction guide uses easy-to-understand text to describe at least 100 dinosaurs alphabetically.
Two of Gianni Versace's favorite buzzwords were quality and future, so after the 50-year-old designer was murdered last July outside his Miami Beach, Fla, mansion, it was somehow inevitable that his family would have to go about putting those words together: They had to ask themselves how they could ensure the future of the company Versace had built without sacrificing its reputation for quality.
In 1962, Armstrong was transferred to astronaut status, He served as command pilot for the Gemini 8 mission, launched March 16, 1966, and along with David Scott, performed the first successful docking of two vehicles in space by mating his Gemini 8 with an uninhabited Agena rocket.
Neil Armstrong was an aviator in the Navy and was chosen with the second group of astronauts in 1962, Made seven flights in the X-15 program (1960 photo), reaching an altitude of 207,500 feet, Was backup command pilot for Gemini 5, command pilot for Gemini 8, backup command pilot for Gemini 11, backup commander for Apollo 8, and commander for Apollo 11: successfully completing the first moonwalk.
The Cyrillic alphabet is an alphabet used for several East and South Slavic languages; (Belarusian, Bulgarian, Macedonian, Russian, Rusyn, Serbian, and Ukrainian) and many other languages of the former Soviet Union, Asia and Eastern Europe, It has also been used for other languages in the past, Not all letters in the Cyrillic alphabet are used in every language which is written with it.
Elizabeth Alexandra Mary was born on April 21, 1926 in London, England, Her father, Prince Albert, Duke of York, was the second son of King George V, Her mother, the former Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, was the daughter of a Scottish earl, Princess Elizabeth was their first child, Her only sibling, Margaret Rose, was born in 1930.
Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II was born in London on April, 21 1926, first child of the Duke and Duchess of York, subsequently King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, Five weeks later she was christened in the chapel of Buckingham Palace and was given the names Elizabeth Alexandra Mary Windsor, The Queen ascended the throne on February 6, 1952 upon the death of her father, King George VI, Her Coronation followed on June 2, 1953.
George H,W, Bush served this country not only as President but also as Vice President, Member of Congress, United Nations Ambassador, chief of the U,S, Liaison Office to the People's Republic of China, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and also, as a naval aviator in World War II, Coming back from the war, he married his sweetheart, Barbara Pierce of Rye, New York, and later that year made his first civilian adult decision when he made the appropriate choice of moving to Texas, where he lived the rest of his life.
Bush and his wife, Laura, departed the White House on Thursday afternoon to spend four days at the wooded presidential retreat of rustic cabins in the Maryland mountains, Along with the first lady's mother, Jenna Welch, the weekend gathering includes the president's parents, former President George H,W, Bush and his wife, Barbara; his sister Doro Koch and her husband, Bobby; and his brother, Marvin, and his wife, Margaret.
Although I come across Borges and Calvino fairly often, too, I have to admit that Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the only one of the other authors I am at all familiar with, so I am not sure which difference it might make, I would be curious, though, what that difference might look like to people writing about media art and architecture in Spanish, for example.
The United Kingdom, Turkey, "Old" British commonwealth forces ( New Zealand, Aussies, Canadians, Gurkhas, India), Germany, Poland, Vietnam, some units from USA, Russia, France, China (but only some) Japan would be included but I'm uncomfortable about using the word respected for Japanese soldiers for obvious reasons.
The town lies along the stretch of coastline designated as Gold Beach during the D-Day landings , one of the beaches used by British troops in the allied invasion, Arromanches was selected as one of the sites for two Mulberry Harbours built on the Normandy coast, the other one built further West at Omaha Beach.
After months of planning and build-up, Supreme Commander Dwight Eisenhower set Operation Overlord for June 6, 1944: some 7000 ships in the British Isles set to sea and sailed across the English Channel, and, under the leadership of Field Marshall Bernard Montgomery, 135,000 troops landed and stormed Feldmarschal Erwin Rommel's German positions along 80 km of the Normandy coast.
Former Chancellor Helmut Kohl, who stunned Germans with admission that he used illegal bank accounts to funnel secret money to Christian Democratic party, invokes personal honor in refusing to disclose names of people who gave more than $1 million between 1993 and 1998; scandal threatens to shred Kohl's place in history for reunifying Germany and leading Europe toward common currency.
Since '82 Federal Chancellor (elected by "constructive vote of no confidence" against former Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, Social Democratic Party (SPD); reelected 1983, 1987, 1991 and 1994), This makes Helmut Kohl the longest-serving chancellor of the Federal Republic, passing by Konrad Adenauer, the first chancellor, this October.
When comparing Michele Granger and Brian Goodell, Brian has to be the clear winner, In 1976, while still a student at Mission Viejo High, Brian won two Olympic gold medals at Montreal, breaking his own world records in both the 400- and 1,500-meter freestyle events, He went on to win three gold medals in he 1979 Pan American Games.
More than a decade ago, Carl Lewis stood on the threshold of what was to become the greatest athletics career in history, He had just broken two of the legendary Jesse Owens' college records, but never believed he would become a corporate icon, the focus of hundreds of millions of dollars in advertising, His sport was still nominally amateur, Eighteen Olympic and World Championship gold medals and 21 world records later, Lewis has become the richest man in the history of track and field -- a multi-millionaire.
Discovery of the top quark, if confirmed, completes one set of subatomic building blocks whose existence is predicted by the prevailing theory, called the Standard Model, of the particles and forces that determine the fundamental nature of matter and energy, In the whimsical lexicon of modern physics, the elementary particles are called quarks, leptons and bosons.
Yachtsman Melvyn Percy became so fed up with the standard of service when preparing his boat for the 3000-mile Atlantic crossing that he decided to set up his own company on the Clyde to provide Scots sailors with professional advice and practical assistance, Minerva Rigging, based at Kip Marina just south of Gourock, now employs five full-time staff and is the Scottish agent for Kemp, one of Europe's leading yacht spar and mast manufacturers.
Of all the national park lands in the United States, none is closer to a major urban area or more beset with problems than the Everglades, a shallow, 50-mile-wide river of grass that flows south from Lake Okeechobee to Florida Bay, For more than a generation, this fragile natural wonder has been held hostage by a web of special interests -- farmers, sportsmen and about 6 million South Florida residents in need of drinking water and flood control -- that is as complex as the ecosystem itself.
Aeschylus is often called the father of Greek tragedy; he wrote the earliest complete plays which survive from ancient Greece, He is known to have written more than 90 plays, though only seven survive, The most famous of these are the trilogy known as Orestia, Also well-known are The Persians and Prometheus Bound.
Canada is officially a bilingual country but, with nearly 60% of the population speaking English as their mother-tongue, and only 24% speaking French as their first language, some people are questioning whether Canada is truly a bilingual nation or rather, a bilingual nation on paper only, French is not the only linguistic minority in Canada, and some of the languages spoken, in order of popularity, are Chinese, Italian, German, Polish, Spanish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Ukrainian, Arabic, Dutch, Tagalog, Greek, Vietnamese, Cree and Inuktitut.
One year on from the Indian Ocean tsunami, the world's grief and compassion returned to the tsunami-battered coastlines of the Indian Ocean, where at least 216,000 people lost their lives, Under a clear sky and before a gentle sea, the world commemorated those who lost their lives, in one of the worst natural disasters that the modern world has experienced.
Brazilian cardinal Dom Eusbio Oscar Scheid, Archbishop of Rio de Janeiro , harshly criticized Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva after arriving in Rome on Tuesday.
According to members of Brazilian Court, President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva may be subjected to an impeachment process, if there is some proof that he is really involved in some of the alleged scandals, or in case someone can prove that he was acting with negligence.
A report prepared by a five member UN commission noted "killing of civilians, enforced disappearances, destruction of villages, rape and other forms of sexual violence, pillaging and forced displacement, throughout Darfur", and secretly named alleged war criminals that should go before the ICC.
The United States Marshals Service working together with nearly 960 other law enforcement agencies recently concluded a week-long operation, Operation FALCON, which succeeded in the arrest of 10,340 fugitives across the United States and elsewhere, Other regional sweeps have been conducted before; but this was the first of its kind at the national level and resulted in the highest number of arrests ever recorded in a single operation.
Operation FALCON was conducted during a one week period, April 4-10, 2005, chosen to coincide with National Crime Victim's Rights Week , April 10-16, the dates being chosen to "honor the victims" of violent crime in America, "By taking violent fugitives off the streets and putting them behind bars where they belong," said Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , "we've honored the victims and made our streets safer,".
Thousands of Romanians participated in rallies on Monday to campaign for the release of three Romanian journalists kidnapped last month in Iraq , Crowds swelled in size after a weekend of smaller rallies sponsored by Romanian media workers and the Arab community in Romania.
"These new results from Cassini may be the first evidence of gases originating either from the surface or possibly from the interior of Enceladus," said Dr, Michele Dougherty, principal investigator for the Cassini magnetometer and professor at Imperial College in London, Scientists have suspected Enceladus as geologically active and a possible source of Saturn's icy E ring, Enceladus is the most reflective object in the solar system, reflecting about 90 percent of the sunlight that hits it.
A collection of real-life testimonies by Klaus Pohl, one of Germany's most performed dramatists, its power resides less in the conventional meaning of the word drama than in what it reveals - a country still deeply at odds with itself, a kaleidoscope of events that flatters neither side, neither Western capitalism nor the former communist regime.
TWA connects through New York en route to Frankfurt , Lufthansa , the German airline , flies direct daily from Los Angeles to Frankfurt , and the airline shares flights with Lauda Air , an Austrian carrier , on Wednesdays , Fridays and Sundays to fly directly to Munich , Another German airline , Ltu , also flies direct from Los Angeles to Dusseldorf and Munich on Mondays and Thursdays , Frankfurt is the hub for trips to most of the country 's smaller cities.
November 9, 1989 , the day the Berlin Wall fell and the world changed forever , Not even the most astute saw it coming , As Hungary's foreign minister in the late summer of 1989 , Gyula Horn gave the order to let visiting East Germans use his country to do a 400-mile end run around the Berlin Wall , a move now seen as the beginning of the end for hard-line communism in Europe .
Global markets should be "quite strong enough to absorb it without lasting damage", he said , "I would stress that these circumstances are unique to Barings and should not apply to other banks operating in London," Barings faced losses of at least 600m in contracts on three stock exchanges in Singapore , Osaka and Tokyo , he said , but 'further unquantifiable losses' were expected .
"It's a vote of confidence that the momentum is going to continue", Doyle said , The momentum also appears to be moving south , The Mexican election is the latest indication that the free-market reforms that have swept Latin America during the past decade are gaining political acceptance , In Brazil , prices rose sharply , reacting to the Mexico vote and to new polls favorable to free-market presidential candidate Fernando Henrique Cardoso .
Although he won with the lowest majority ever tallied by the ruling party , 48,7% of the votes , his ballots almost doubled those of outsider Diego Fernandez de Cevallos , the rightist runner-up , And insiders are now favored to win other Latin American elections in the coming months : In Brazil , Fernando Henrique Cardoso , a former Senate leader and Cabinet minister , is expected to finish ahead of outsider Luis Inacio (Lula) da Silva , a leftist former labor leader , in the first round of president.
It would force countries in the region to choose between the United States and Japan -- or maybe between Japan and China , And it would collapse whatever promise the newly born Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) holds as a vehicle to assure American commercial access to the booming Pacific markets , To risk all of this in the name of a flawed concept is foolish , This is not to deny the Administration 's understandable frustration with a persistently huge Japanese trade surplus.
It is an independence movement among the Tamil peoples of northern Sri Lanka -- the ancient land of Ceylon independent from Britain in 1948 and took the name Sri Lanka, a Sinhalese word, in 1972.
Article 19 said a correspondent for the independent newspaper Narodnaya Volya who attempted to determine how many people involved in emergency work in the contaminated zone around the Chernobyl nuclear reactor after the 1986 catastrophe were still alive was told by the Ministry of Emergencies that non-state newspapers could be refused access to any information.
After leaving Time-Life, Shuker joined the Public Broadcast Laboratory, forerunner of PBS, and participated in two pioneering films -- 'The Chair,' about an attorney trying to save a condemned man, and 'Free At Last,' a 90-minute documentary about Dr, Martin Luther King Jr, that by chance was being made when King was murdered in 1968.
Meanwhile, at a Pushkin-Goethe Festival held recently in Moscow to observe the poets' birthdays (this year is Goethe's 250th), Dmitri Prigov, a post-modernist poet and conceptual artist, took the first line from "Onegin" ("My uncle - high ideals inspire him") and set it to Buddhist and Muslim mantras and Russian Orthodox and Gregorian chants.
Addressing a function organized here by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Anand said, the greatest and most urgent challenges of human rights in India were in the areas of maternal and child care, child education, child labor, child abuse and protection of minorities and weaker sections.
President Jacques Chirac of France, a conservative like Kohl, and Prime Minister Lionel Jospin, whose fellow Socialists saw in the victory of Schroeder's Social Democrats a continuation of a European trend that brought them and British Prime Minister Tony Blair's Labor Party to power last year, paid tribute to both in almost equal measure.
Aides to British Prime Minister Tony Blair, whose Labor Party won power 13 months ago and who is the current EU president, said the leaders acknowledged jointly - and without trying to blame each other - that the EU's Belgian-based bureaucracy is regarded as both remote and overbearing.
That theory, a concept first proposed by Albert Einstein and often reiterated by British astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, seeks to find a single set of equations that can explain all the fundamental forces in the universe: gravity, electromagnetism, and the strong and weak interactive forces among subnuclear particles.
A condition called "social anxiety disorder" this week joined the long list of downers in life - including obesity, impotence, depression and phobia - that Americans once commonly saw as challenges of willpower and character but can now have treated by popping a pill.
NPF said that young people displaying onset symptoms of Parkinson's disease have special needs, because they often have children to raise, jobs to keep and other issues to address that are different than those patients in retirement years.
Olympic officials familiar with Salt Lake City's bid for the 2002 Winter Games have described in recent weeks a process by which Salt Lake City Olympic officials targeted the votes of 17 African IOC members after losing by four votes to Nagano, Japan, for the right to play host to the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Hubble is one of the most remarkable facilities in the entire history of science.
Jurassic Park is a novel written by Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park was published in 1990.
Boris Becker is a true legend in the sport of tennis, Aged just seventeen, he won Wimbledon for the first time and went on to become the most prolific tennis player.
Boris Becker is a former professional tennis player for Germany.
On Aug, 6, 1945, an atomic bomb was exploded on Hiroshima with an estimated equivalent explosive force of 12,500 tons of TNT, followed three days later by a second, more powerful, bomb on Nagasaki.
He interviewed Shigeko Sasamori in December 2004, Ms, Sasamori was thirteen when the atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima (August 6, 1945).
On August 6, 1945 the atomic bomb was dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, The Enola Gay, piloted by Colonel Tibbetts, was chosen to make the mission, The mission was recorded as successful by Capt, William S, Parson at 9:20 A,M.
Even Homer realises the cleverness of Jan De Bont's tautly-directed action, Laser Movies , Speed , Widescreen with Keanu Reeves, Dennis Hopper, Sandra Bullock.
According to the director Kim Ki-duk The biggest problem for Americans understanding Korean movies is that all action films have the same plot, For example, the movie 'Speed' with Keanu Reeves.
Felipe González Márquez (born March 5, 1942) is a Spanish socialist politician, He was the General Secretary of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) from 1974 to 1997.
González Márquez, Felipe is a Spanish political leader, After joining what was then the Spanish Socialist Workers' party, González became its secretary-general and revived it from the moribund position into which it had fallen under Franco.
As spacecraft commander for Apollo XI, the first manned lunar landing mission, Armstrong was the first man to walk on the Moon, "That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind," With these historic words, man's dream of the ages was fulfilled.
Cyrillic is an alphabet form that is derived from the Greek alphabet, The characters in the script look substantially different from the Latin alphabet that is used throughout Western Europe.
Qin Shi Huang, personal name Zheng, was king of the Chinese State of Qin from 247 BCE to 221 BCE, and then the first emperor of a unified China from 221 BCE to 210 BCE, ruling under the name First Emperor.
The Qin (from which the name China is derived) established the approximate boundaries and basic administrative system that all subsequent dynasties were to follow.
Following the Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty of 1979, Israel agreed to withdraw from the Sinai Peninsula, in exchange for peace with its neighbor, For over two decades, the Sinai Peninsula was home to about 7,000 Israelis.
Canada and the United States signed an agreement on January 30, 1979, to amend the treaty to allow subsistence hunting of waterfowl.
In 1979, the leaders signed the Egypt-Israel peace treaty on the White House lawn, Both President Begin and Sadat received the Nobel Peace Prize for their work, The two nations have enjoyed peaceful relations to this day.
President George W, Bush, who gave the keynote address and introduced his father, raved about the vessel: "She is unrelenting, she unshakeable, she is unyielding, she is unstoppable, In fact, she should have been named the Barbara Bush,".
George Herbert Walker Bush (born June 12, 1924) is the former 41st President of the United States of America, Almost immediately upon his return from the war in December 1944, George Bush married Barbara Pierce.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez is the author of "One Hundred Years of Solitude", "The Autumn of the Patriarch" and other novels.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez was a liberal thinker whose left-wing politics angered many conservative politicians and heads of state, His job as a reporter for the Cuban news agency Prensa Latina, in 1960, and and friendship with Fidel Castro resulted in his being ultimately denied entry to the United States for political reasons.
In 1867, Nobel obtained a patent on a special type of nitroglycerine, which he called "dynamite", The invention quickly proved its usefulness in building and construction in many countries.
Experimenting on a raft anchored on the river Elbe, Alfred Nobel tries to make nitroglycerine safer to handle, Finds that the addition of kieselguhr turns nitroglycerine into a dough that can be kneaded, and calls it "dynamite".
A British Dynamite Company (Ardeer, Scotland, UK) is founded, In 1877 the company name was changed to Nobel's Explosives Company.
Euro Disney is one of the most popular theme parks of USA.
The Disneyland of Europe is located 20 miles east of Paris, Euro Disney is a huge complex with hotels, restaurants, shops and a nearby golf course apart from the actual theme park, It provides a much better experience than its American cousin thanks to the marvels of modern engineering.
Charles de Gaulle died in 1970 at the age of eighty, He was thus fifty years old when, as an unknown officer recently promoted to the (temporary) rank of brigadier general, he made his famous broadcast from London rejecting the capitulation of France to the Nazis after the debacle of May-June 1940.
Charles de Gaulle retired as an earl and died in November, He wished a simple funeral for himself: he would be buried in his village in a seventy-two dollar oak coffin, borne to his grave by his fellow villagers-a butcher's assistant, a cheesemaker, and a farmhand.
Genevieve de Gaulle-Anthonics, 81, niece of the late Charles de Gaulle, died in Paris on February 14, 2002, She joined the French resistance when the Germans occupied Paris.
The Argentinian propaganda made the Gurkhas out to be evil savages who ate their PoW's, However instead of causing the Argentinian conscripts fight to the end, it caused them to run away, the Gurkhas never saw more than brief token resistance.
The Gurkhas come from mountainous Nepal and are extremely tenacious warriors-as foot soldiers they are the best only in close combat jungle/mountain combat and hand to hand type situation.
Arromanches-les-Bains or simply Arromanches is a town in Normandy, France, located on the coast in the heart of the area where the Normandy landings took place on D-Day, on June 6, 1944.
The D-Day was the largest seaborne invasion force ever assembled headed for France on June 6th 1944.
Kohl participated in the late stage of WWII as a teenage soldier, He joined the Christian-Democratic Union (CDU) in 1947.
An American journalist of Russian descent, Klebnikov was shot four times by at least one assassin in a passing car as he stepped outside his office that evening in Moscow, He died shortly after arriving at City Hospital No, 20 in Moscow.
An American journalist of Russian descent, Klebnikov was shot four times by at least one assassin in a passing car as he stepped outside his office that evening in Moscow.
Russian Public Television head Vladislav Listyev is shot in the heart by an unknown gunman outside his Moscow home, The attack is linked to opponents of an advertising ban he had proposed for the television channel.
The final major piece of comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was to hit just after midnight, completing a ring of crater-like plumes of swirling superheated gas and debris thousands of miles across, "It hit Jupiter like a string of machine-gun bullets" said Eugene Shoemaker, an astronomer at the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz,, who helped discover the comet last year.
You rifle through your visual memory and there it is: Vermeer, the 17th-Century Dutch artist who painted extraordinary portraits of women engaged in the ordinary -- writing a letter, making lace or putting on a necklace of pearls.
A collection of real-life testimonies by Klaus Pohl, one of Germany's most performed dramatists, its power resides less in the conventional meaning of the word drama than in what it reveals - a country still deeply at odds with itself, a kaleidoscope of events that flatters neither side, neither Western capitalism nor the former communist regime.
In India, carpets are made mostly in Uttar Pradesh, which adopted a "Child Labour Abolition and Regulation Act" in 1986.
Victor Emmanuel was born on Nov, 11, 1869, in Naples, After his father, Umberto I, was assassinated in 1900, Victor Emmanuel succeeded to the throne.
King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy reigned from 1900 to 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III yielded most of his powers to his son Umberto II in 1944, when Umberto was appointed as Lieutenant General of the Realm, and finally abdicated in 1946.
Victor Emmanuel III, 1869-1947, king of Italy (1900-1946), emperor of Ethiopia (1936-43), king of Albania (1939-43), son and successor of Humbert I.
Franz Liszt (Hungarian: Liszt Ferenc) was a Hungarian/Austrian virtuoso pianist and composer who lived from 1811 to 1886, Liszt is widely considered to be one of the greatest piano virtuosi of all time, and certainly the most famous of the nineteenth century.
The Altenburg is located in the Jenaer street which lies just outside of Weimar's city centre beyond the Ilm park, It was built in 1810-1811 and during the years following 1848, Princess Carolyne of Sayn Wittgenstein and her husband, Franz Liszt, lived there.
Franz Liszt, a Hungarian composer who lived from 1811 to 1886 was the equivalent of a rock star in his day, His piano compositions were extremely popular and he often gave concerts to his multitude of fans, Liszt was also the pioneer of many musical techniques, including the symphonic poem and the technique of transforming themes.
Aeschylus was born in 525 BC, and spent his youth as a soldier in the Athenian army, He wrote The Persians when he was 53 years old, but it is his earliest surviving work.
To write "The Persians," which opens Thursday at the Aurora Theatre in Berkeley, Ellen McLaughlin spent six days, Given the direction of U,S, foreign policy, McLaughlin says, the lessons of "The Persians" are particularly crucial today, 2,500 years after it was written.
The brother-in-law of Mohammad Oreibi al-Khalifa, the new chief judge in the genocide trial of Saddam Hussein, has been shot dead, police sources say.
A Muslim charity in the Philippines that was supported by bin Laden and run by a brother-in-law, Mohammad Jamal Khalifa, financed Shah and the other plotters.
Spirou was created in 1938 by Rob-Vel, who sold the rights to the Dupuis publishing house in early 40's, Other artists like Jije (Joseph Gillain) took care of the feature.
Tintin, the Smurfs, Boule et Bill, Astérix, Natacha, Spirou and other legendary characters were created by talented artists like Hergé, Morris, Franquin and Walthéry.
Mars is considered the red planet because of its bright red color.
The planet probably got this name due to its red color; Mars is sometimes referred to as 'the Red Planet'.
The Red Planet is thought to have no magnetic field, It has the greenhouse effect which raises the temperature about 5 degrees, It has a very thin atmosphere consisting of 95,3% carbon dioxide, 2,7% nitrogen, 1,6% argon, 0,15% oxygen, and 0,03% water.
Theravada Buddhism is the official religion of Thailand and is the religion of about 95% of its people, The government permits religious diversity, and other major religions are represented, Spirit worship and animism are widely practiced.
Thailand's official religion is Buddhism which claims the allegiance of most Thai people, Their cultural identity seems almost inseparably intertwined with Buddhist traditions, The people practice folk Buddhism which includes and elaborate system of spirit worship.
The official religion is Theravada Buddhism, which is also practiced in neighboring Laos, Thailand, Burma and Sri Lanka.
French is the mother tongue of 80,9 percent of Québeckers, while 7,8 percent cite English as their mother tongue.
Please note that Arabic is the language of Quran so it's better to learn it to understand clearly all the miracles in Quran.
The Arabic Language is the door to Islam and the Language of the holy Quran and Prophetic traditions, Therefore, distancing ourselves from Arabic studies leads to innovation and disbelief.
The Norwegian Newspaper Corpus is a large and self-expanding corpus of Norwegian newspaper texts, The collection of this dynamic and continually growing corpus began in 1998.
The Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet printed an article about the "intolerance page".
The biggest newspaper in Norway, Verdens Gang, prints a letter to the editor written by Joe Harrington and myself.
A number of undergraduate schools and colleges have also received it, as has the French Red-Cross, the abbey of Notre-Dame des Dombes, and the French railway company SNCF.
Note that SBB, CFF and FFS stand out for the main railway company, in German, French and Italian.
At the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, Didrikson won gold medals in the javelin (Olympic record) and 80-meter hurdles (world record), along with a silver in the high jump (share of the world record).
Beamon's jump was a world record that eclipsed the previous record by 21 3/4 inches, The jump still stands as an Olympic record, and stood as a world  record until Mike Powell leapt 29' 4 1/2" at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo.
February 4, 2005, Iraq, With more than two-thirds of the 3,3 million votes counted in the Iraqi legislative election , the United Iraqi Alliance has a considerable lead over interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi List which trails with approximately 17% of the current tally.
Taiwan's former president Lee Teng-hui , the spiritual leader of the pro-independence TSU , and Premier Frank Hsieh , a member of the Democratic Progressive Party , are also taking part in the march.
The current President of Brazilian Central Bank, Henrique Meirelles, is accused of financial fraud among other accusations.
Geoscience Australia said the 5,3 quake did not generate a tsunami, The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, which had a magnitude of 9,0, triggered a series of lethal tsunamis on December 26, 2004 that killed over 270,000 people, making it the deadliest tsunami in recorded history.
Switzerland has ratified bilateral agreements with the members of the European Union in March 2004, but the new members (Cyprus , Czech Republic , Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia) were not included in the deal.
It is outstripped only by Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Finland and France, and thus ranks 7th in the 25-member European Union in terms of broadband Internet penetration.
The documents commented by the magazine date of April 25, 2002, epoch in which the Brazilian president was Fernando Henrique Cardoso.
Gamma ray bursts are some of the most powerful objects observed in the Universe and are thought to signal the birth of black holes, Swift is designed to detect the bursts and automatically re-orient itself to gather images and data of the phenomenon.
Most recently, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice called North Korea an "outpost of tyranny" enraging Kim Jong-il , the leader of North Korea.
U,S, Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice has expressed her anger after a meeting with Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , during which her aides and staff were mistreated by Sudanese security agents.
James Wilkinson, Ms, Rice's communications director, was shoved against a wall by guards as he tried to enter the meeting.
Romania currently supplies one of the world's largest contingents of troops in Iraq, with nearly 1000 people.
Don Brash leader of the New Zealand National Party said that the White Crusaders of the Racial Holy War are "a small, fascist underbelly, hell-bent on causing division and destroying New Zealand's egalitarian ethos,".
Alternately known as brash, emotional and brilliant, the maverick Kasparov could be a formidable opponent in the realm of politics.
NASA's Saturn exploration spacecraft, Cassini , has discovered an atmosphere about the moon Enceladus , This is the first such discovery by Cassini, other than Titan , of the presence of an atmosphere around a Saturn moon.
The beleaguered Euro-Disney theme park outside Paris is doing so poorly it might have to close unless it gets help soon from its lenders, the chairman of Walt Disney Co, said in an interview published Friday.
The Pharos, a monumental lighthouse built around 280 BC and standing 330 ft high, lit the entrance to Alexandria harbour for centuries, but archeologists have never been able to identify positively any remains.
The Pharos, a monumental lighthouse built around 280 BC and standing 330 ft high, lit the entrance to Alexandria harbour for centuries, but archeologists have never been able to identify positively any remains.
Lin Piao, after all, was the creator of Mao's "Little Red Book" of quotations.
New Delhi: More than 100 Nobel prize winners, two US congressmen, and leading labour organizations have expressed concern over threats against the life of Kailash Satyarthi, India's leading opponent of child labour.
The hurdler suspended in 1993 for taking the anabolic steroid Nandrolone was cleared after a three judge arbitration panel ruled that the case against her could not be proved beyond reasonable doubt .
Even while accepting the Russian plan, IMF Managing Director Michel Camdessus noted that the efficiency of Russia's State Taxation Service "is declining rapidly,".
Madrid: Luis Roldan, the former Spanish chief of police who fled the country 10 months ago after allegedly hiving off millions of pounds from secret government funds, was on his way home to a prison cell last night after being captured in Bangkok.
When the Berlin Wall fell in early November, 1989 Berlin's east and west sections were rejoined to create the third-largest city in Europe , with a population of about 3 million.
Rolf Ekeus the Swedish diplomat who chairs the commission said that while Baghdad had been cooperative in helping his panel establish procedures for monitoring and verifying the weapons destruction it is unclear how the Iraqis will react once the system is in operation .
Heaney had joined 'a distinguished group of Irishmen , who have been honoured with this prize for their contribution to Irish literature in the twentieth century,'.
For the case of Aldrich Hazen (Rick) Ames , and his Colombian-born wife , Maria del Rosario Casas Ames arrested by the FBI on charges that they were Russian spies , is so rich in mysteries , puzzles , riddles and contradictions that the answers may never be untangled even as the CIA's counterintell.
Fest : "In the Name of the Father" an Academy Award contender starring Daniel Day-Lewis as a man wrongly convicted for an IRA bombing, won the Golden Bear Award for best picture Monday at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Since independence and the blood bath of partition , in which an estimated 15 million people were uprooted and 200,000 died , India and Pakistan have fought three wars , two over possession of Kashmir .
Bukowski attracted the attention of John Martin who founded Black Sparrow Press in 1965 specifically to publish him.
New Zealand film director Peter Jackson is to make a 264-million-New Zealand-dollar (133 million U,S, dollars) trilogy based on Tolkien's fantasy classic "Lord of The Rings," the local TV station reported Tuesday evening.
We look at the cool relationship between these two establishment families and how the party would fare with the son, Texas Gov, George W, Bush, and the wife, Elizabeth Dole, on the 2000 campaign trail.
Colin L, Powell and Laura Bush, wife of Gov, George W, Bush, are to speak on the opening night in Philadelphia, while the Democrats have tentative plans to have President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton address the delegates on the first night in Los Angeles.
Nepali mountaineer Ang Rita Sherpa last week broke his own record of the number of climbing Mt, Everest.
Not counting the 1986 catastrophe at Chernobyl, where the nuclear reactors are of a different design, the industry has so far succeeded.
The Titanic sank in 1912 after striking an iceberg on its maiden voyage from Southampton, England, to New York.
More than 1,500 people died when the Titanic sank in 1912.
In the early hours of April 15, 1912, the British luxury liner Titanic sank in the North Atlantic off Newfoundland, less than three hours after striking an iceberg.
The recovery of the capsule, which carried astronaut Virgil "Gus" Grissom on a brief suborbital flight on July 21, 1961, took place on the 30th anniversary of mankind's first moon landing.
Thirty years ago [1969], Neil Armstrong took humanity's first small step on the moon, declaring it "one giant leap for mankind" only to have the space program retreat to tinkering in low Earth orbit.
"If we could put a man on the moon within decades back in the 1960s, I think we can eliminate TB if we develop the will to do so" said O'Brien, who called for a significant investment for the research, particularly the large field trials necessary to demonstrate efficacy.
In "Killing the Dream: James Earl Ray and the Assassination of Martin Luther King, JR,", by Gerald Posner (Harvest/Harcourt Brace, $15), the writer who attacked Kennedy conspiracy theories in "Case Closed" takes on Ray's claim of innocence in the 1968 murder of King.
Polish-born Pope John Paul II, credited for inspiring Poland's return to democracy after more than 40 years of communism, is expected to dedicate the church during his visit next summer.
Unwilling to surrender his dream of beginning a Holy Land pilgrimage in Iraq, Pope John Paul II made a "virtual pilgrimage" Wednesday to Ur, the ancient city that is traditionally held to be the birthplace of Abraham.
JERUSALEM (AP) -- In a spiritual climax to his 22-year papacy, Pope John Paul II on Tuesday began the first official visit by a Roman Catholic pontiff to Israel, fulfilling his dream of visiting the land where Christ was born and died.
On Jan, 27, 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria.
Standing off to one side, seeing all and hearing Mozart's music, which only he understands to be a manifestation of God's love, is Antonio Salieri, the ambitious Italian-born composer and conductor, a favorite at the imperial court in Vienna in 1781.
Moreau, 72, received a Golden Bear award for lifetime achievement at the Berlin Film Festival Friday.
The Fifth Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Festival, to be held in southeast city of Kunming from October 9 to 13, will feature award-giving ceremonies, film exhibitions, as well as business exchanges.
President Bill Clinton on Tuesday passed the leadership of the Democratic Party to Vice President Al Gore, describing his deputy as the right person to be the first U,S, President of the 21st century.
He has borrowed a clutch of bright ideas from Bill Clinton's favorite think-tank, the Democratic Leadership Council, and endorsed Medicare reforms suggested by one of the Democratic Party's brightest luminaries, Louisiana's John Breaux.
Out of the seven expeditions who were permitted to climb the 8586-meter high Mt, Kanchenjunga, only one climber from the United States succeeded.
A seven-member Tibetan mountaineering team conquered the 8,586-meter Mt, Kanchenjunga, the third highest peak of the world, the Chinese mountaineering association confirmed here on Sunday.
The 10-men team is expected to arrive at the foot of the mountain in the end of April and began their journey to the 8,586-meter peak in early May.
The new moon, which is only about 25 miles in diameter, was actually photographed 13 years ago by the Voyager 2.
The newly suggested distance is much closer than the present positions at 2,870,972,200 kilometers from the sun for Uranus and 4,498,252,900 kilometers for Neptune.
Mars has the smallest confirmed moon, Deimos, which is about 7,5 miles in diameter.
Io is 2,236 miles (3,598 kilometers) in diameter, slightly larger than the Earth's moon.
Salma Hayek drew a crowd in Veracruz, Mexico, at the July 8 premiere of 'Nobody Writes to the Colonel', a movie based on a short novel by Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
He is like some great writers, from Charles Dickens to William Faulkner to Gabriel Garcia Marquez: the insistence on the value of the local leads to the universal.
Two prominent scientists have made guest appearances on the show, paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould and Stephen Hawking, the theoretical physicist whose brilliance has been compared with Einstein's.
"For Japanese yakuza, the most important thing is staying alive, and making money is second," the yakuza said.
Munir Mezyed, a poet and critic, aroused the sentiments and emotions of the audience when he recited his smooth flowing poetry both in Arabic and English, which demonstrated his unique and overwhelming style.
The IOC meeting will also review reports submitted by the organizing committees of the 1998 Winter Olympic Games in Nagano, Japan; the 2000 Summer Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia and the 2002 Winter Olympic Games in the Salt Lake City, the United States, respectively.
Hodler claimed there were also irregularities in the campaigns organized by Atlanta for the 1996 Summer Games, Sydney for the Summer Olympics in 2000 and Salt Lake City for the 2002 Winter Games.
The stupendous power of the Tevatron made possible the 1995 discovery of the top quark - the last of six flavors of quarks predicted by the standard model theory of particle physics.
The bet, which won him dinner for four, was regarding the existence and mass of the top quark, an elementary particle discovered in 1995.
Within trillionths of a second after the Big Bang, they have reasoned, the primordial explosion - many billions of degrees hot - must have created a universe that contained equal quantities of matter and antimatter.
According to Naeye, the newfangled telescopes will be able to peer so far back in space and, thus, time that they "will see the first galaxies assembling a few hundred million years after the Big Bang,".
Jackson also found the company maintained its Windows monopoly by setting deals with computer makers to promote Microsoft products over those from rival software makers.
Hoping to loosen Microsoft's ironclad grip on the personal computer desktop, a tiny Seattle company will unveil an onscreen menu bar Monday that bypasses Windows with direct links to programs and the Internet.
Qatar and Oman are members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, GCC, which also groups Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Both Bahrain and Qatar are members of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), but they have a territorial dispute that has led to Bahrain's boycott of the GCC summit convened in the Qatari capital of Doha on December 7-9.
Egypt, Syria and the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, namely Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, signed the Damascus Declaration after the 1991 Gulf War to create a mechanism aimed at guaranteeing security in the Gulf region.
Among Stellafane's most ardent partisans is David H, Levy, co-discoverer with Dr, Eugene Shoemaker of a comet named for the two that broke apart in 1994 as it was drawn toward Jupiter, creating fireworks visible from Earth.
The National Park Trust identified 20 high-priority sites - including the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina and Virginia and Everglades National Park in Florida - as areas with private property that could be sold.
Many hopes are riding on the sale of Talisman's holdings in Palm Beach and Hendry counties, which Vice President Al Gore announced with much fanfare last year at the 50th anniversary of Everglades National Park.
The expulsion of Albanians, which has distracted NATO with a parallel relief operation, has only served to harden the resolve of NATO's 19 members, who are now willing to approve attacks on more sensitive targets, like Milosevic's homes and Yugoslavia's state-run television.
Foreign Ministers of the 16 NATO member countries met early this morning with their Russian counterpart, Yevgeny Primakov, in Berlin in a bid to improve NATO-Russia relations.
Sotheby's and Christie's, the world's two most powerful auction houses, swapped confidential lists of super-rich clients who were spared from paying fees charged to other sellers, people close to the companies and to a federal antitrust investigation of them said.
Police in Rio de Janeiro arrested five men and recovered millions of dollars worth of art stolen earlier this month, including works by Salvador Dali and Henri Matisse, Police recovered all the stolen art except two Chinese ceramic sculptures from the 7th Century and a collection of silverware.
Stolen Warhol works recovered: Amsterdam police said Wednesday that they have recovered stolen lithographs by the late U,S, pop artist Andy Warhol worth more than $1 million, Dali's paintings are still missing.
Two portraits, one by Reynolds, the other by Gainsborough, since 1990 among the most looked-after works in the Art Loss Register database, were recovered this week when they were brought into Sotheby's for evaluation, Also a lithograph by Norwegian artist Edvard Munch, stolen from an Oslo art gallery in April, has been recovered, news reports said today.
Mr David Herman, head of GM's local operations accused Mr Gerhardt Schroeder, prime Minister of Lower Saxony and a member of the VW supervisory board, of trying to use his political weight to influence the investigations by state prosecutors in Hesse into claims of industrial espionage against GM.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans, African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers, Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1,2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.
Amsterdam police said Wednesday that they have recovered stolen lithographs by the late U,S, pop artist Andy Warhol worth more than $1 million.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans, African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers, Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1,2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.
Besides producing this riverine sea, the deluge also nourishes the largest stretch of rain forest left on Earth, One-third of the remaining rain forest was in the Amazon basin and fires had consumed about 10% of it, an area twice the size of California.
Sheriff's officials said a robot could be put to use in Ventura County, where the bomb squad has responded to more than 40 calls this year.
The researchers in the latest study fed one group of mice a diet in which 60 percent of calories came from fat, The diet started when the mice, all males, were 1 year old, which is middle-age in mouse longevity, As expected, the mice soon developed signs of impending diabetes, with grossly enlarged livers, and started to die much sooner than mice fed a standard diet.
In addition to data bases and publicity, stolen art is recovered when someone seeks appraisal or offers it for sale to dealers or auction houses, responds to a reward offer, attempts to remove it through customs, or requests a ransom for the art.
French police recovered five masterpieces stolen from Paris Museum last Summer including a small work by Renoir.
Art experts said on Monday, that there was an astounding haul from Boston's Gardner Museum -- possibly the biggest art theft in US history.
"The Herald is now pleased that Kennedy can vigorously pursue a re-examination of the Iraq war and how to extricate our nation from it, Speaking seriously, I'll take this change of heart as a sobering indication that all of us, wherever we stand on the liberal-conservative continuum, are deeply concerned about the damaging impacts of the Iraq war and are looking for ways to work together to resolve it as soon as possible,".
For example, if you want to find out what the weather in your area will be like for the next five days, select the weather channel from the main multiscreen and you will find detailed forecasts and other weather news, Or if your team has been in action, you can read the top headlines for your chosen sport by keying in 300 on your handset - just as you would on Ceefax.
Volkswagen should start to co-operate fully with the investigation by public prosecutors of the alleged theft of secret documents from General Motors.
An initial bid to prevent seven former employees of GM from working for Volkswagen for 12 months was thrown out by a Frankfurt court.
Some passengers were escorted off the ship in wheelchairs by crew wearing blue gloves.
The investigation involving Mr Lopez and three associates are primarily concerned with suspicions of the systematic theft of secrets.
The VW chief has been under intense pressure from the Bonn government and colleagues in German industry to seek conciliation following his outspoken statements last, which were widely seen as damaging Germany's reputation.
Mr Piech dismissed suggestions that VWs actions in hiring away Mr Lopez and his seven colleagues from GM had caused widespread dismay in German industry, and was at odds with the style of German business.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation started an independent probe of the circumstances shortly after the White House made plain that President Bill Clinton considered industrial espionage a particular threat to US economic interests.
Yunus, who shared the 1,4 million prize Friday with the Grameen Bank that he founded 30 years ago, pioneered the concept of "microcredit," It allows very poor people, who don't qualify for traditional loans, to get loans of as little as a few dollars without collateral, The banks' shareholders are the impoverished people it supports.
As his jubilant nation cheered, Yunus told reporters in the capital of Dhaka that he wants "to work to create some more new things in the world" and would use the award money to start a company to produce inexpensive yet nutritious food for poor people and set up an eye hospital to treat impoverished patients.
Following a steady flow of leaks and statements on apparently incriminating discoveries, her office has been gagged by senior legal authorities.
The prize is named after Alfred Nobel, a pacifist and entrepreneur who invented dynamite in 1866, Nobel left much of his wealth to establish the award, which has honoured achievements in physics, chemistry, medicine, literature and efforts to promote peace since 1901.
Mr Ferdinand Piech said that the German company did not have any confidential plans or documents about GM's ultra-low-cost factory project.
Witnesses allegedly hear and see documents being shredded all night long by Jorge Alvarez Aguirre and Rosario Piazza, two ex-Opel men who had followed their leader to VW.
Bangladesh, one of the world's poorest countries, suffered a devastating drought and famine in 1974, which killed 1,5 million people, While trying to help starving villagers, he met a 21-year-old woman named Sufia Begum, who was burdened by a tiny yet crushing debt, Yunus recalled in his autobiography, "Banker to the Poor,".
To break the grinding cycle of debt and poverty, Yunus loaned $27 to Begum and more than 40 of her neighbours in the village of Joba, He allowed them to pay him back over the next year as their businesses started to produce stable profits.
Argentina and Britain announced an agreement Thursday to restore full diplomatic ties nearly eight years after they fought a 74-day war over the Falkland islands.
The borrowers must form five-member groups that, along with the bank's field workers, closely supervise the loans, Peer pressure substitutes for collateral because the group's first two borrowers have to start repaying the principal plus interest over a six-week period before the other members can take out loans, The interest rate is fixed at 16 percent.
A Belgian policeman posing as an art dealer in Brussels arrested three Swedes.
A man suspected of stealing a million-dollar collection of hundreds of ancient Nepalese and Tibetan art objects in New York 11 years ago was arrested Thursday at his South Los Angeles home, where he had been hiding the antiquities.
Norwegian police released one of three people arrested when Edvard Munch's painting 'The Scream', stolen from the National Gallery in Oslo, was found.
Reward offers have led to recovery of stolen art.
In France, art dealers are obliged by law to register all purchases except those bought at a public auction.
The official visit of the Argentine minister marks a further step in the normalisation of UK-Argentine relations.
Argentina remains one of 17 countries still banning British cattle for breeding because of the outbreak of mad cow disease in 1980s.
The industrial espionage case involving GM and VW began with the hiring of Jos Ignacio Lopez, an employee of GM subsidiary Adam Opel, by VW as production director.
Argentina sought help from Britain on its privatization program and encouraged British investment.
Philip Morris said it sold 201 bn cigarettes world-wide during the quarter.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation started an independent probe of the circumstances shortly after the White House made plain that President Bill Clinton considered industrial espionage a particular threat to US economic interests.
PM tried to buy the Belin biscuit company from RJR Nabisco two years ago.
GM has initiated criminal investigations in Germany and the US on the basis of their suspicions that Mr Lopez and his team stole confidential information before defecting to VW in March.
By buying local companies, Philip Morris and its subsidiary inherit informal trade contacts cultivated under Soviet rule that may help to smooth any future moves east.
GM established grounds for suspicion of industrial spying by presenting affidavits from its employees, The aim will be to determine if VW's project was copied from GM data - essential if industrial espionage is to be proved.
In Russia, BAT is setting up a joint venture with Yava, Moscow's largest cigarette factory.
Although Philip Morris was selling its cigarettes at lower prices in the US, the increased volumes helped lift operating income in the domestic tobacco division by 25,1 per cent to Dollars 858m.
PM has now firm projects which include a stake in a joint venture called Constellation in Samara involving the city's main tobacco factory.
American tobacco companies were showing a profit most quarters due to export sales of cigarettes and diversification of products sold including food.
So far the British have preferred a policy of a voluntary approach to restricting advertising and high taxes on tobacco products.
Argentina's campaign to re-establish itself as a trustworthy trading partner was boosted yesterday with the underwriting of a Dollars 9,5m buyer credit by Britain's Export Credit Guarantee Department.
Political change in eastern Europe and the removal of trade barriers in the Far East have given the four multinationals-Philip Morris, BAT Industries, R J Reynolds and Rothmans International-access to big potential new markets.
Argentina was still obsessed with the Falkland islands even in 1994, 12 years after its defeat in the 74-day war with Britain.
The deal marks the second foray into Lithuania by Philip Morris which in April beat British American Tobacco to acquire the Klaipeda Tobacco company for Dollars 40m - the biggest western investment in the Baltic states so far.
Argentina announced that it has decided to lift financial and trade restrictions on imports from Britain that were imposed during the 1982 Falklands conflict.
UK foreign secretary Douglas Hurd will meet President Carlos Menem in Argentina next week.
Britain agreed to lift by March 31 a 150-mile military protection zone enforced around the islands since Argentina invaded them in 1982.
Most of the mines are in arid areas and animals searching for water are attracted to the cyanide-laced holding ponds that are an integral part of the mining operations.
The dam covering what used to be its football pitch fill up with millions of tons of poisonous mining waste.
The exchanges resulted in greatly improved financial, oil, fisheries, and military issues, but Great Britain consistently refused to address the issue of sovereignty over the Falklands.
One of Argentina's top Falkland negotiators said Mr Hurd's visit the first by a cabinet minister since the 1982 Falklands conflict meant we are on our way to a broader richer relationship in which the islands are only a part of the relationship not the only issue.
The mine would operate nonstop seven days a week and use tons of cyanide each day to leach the gold from crushed ore.
Military ties between the two countries have been governed officially by an arms embargo imposed by Britain on Argentina.
Relations between Argentina and Britain were soured again last May when Britain decided to extend territorial waters to 200 miles around South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
The British government has indicated its readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' territorial waters- provided they acknowledge that any oil extracted belongs to Britain.
RJ Reynolds Tobacco announced yesterday that it plans to build a factory in Turkey to produce cigarettes by late 1993.
Hydrogen cyanide is used in manufacturing chemicals such as tryptophan and other amino acids.
Philip Morris cited strong volume gains in Germany, Italy, France, Spain, central and eastern Europe, Russia, the Middle East, Japan, Korea, Argentina and Brazil.
Although the domestic markets for cigarettes in America in the 1990s was greatly reduced due to bans on advertising, smoking in public places and health warnings, American tobacco companies were showing a higher profit.
Philip Morris the US food and tobacco group that makes Marlboro, the world's best-selling cigarette, shrugged off strong anti-smoking sentiment in the US.
Two brothers who operated a North Hollywood plating company that dumped thousands of gallons of cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system pleaded guilty Thursday and must serve jail time for recklessly handling and storing hazardous materials.
The United Nations last night elected eight judges for the international war crimes tribunal that will try those accused of murders and other atrocities in former Yugoslavia since 1991.
Gold mining operations in California and Nevada use cyanide to extract the precious metal.
At a low-key ceremony, Albanian and British officials agreed to bury all outstanding differences caused by the 'Corfu Channel incident'.
Known as "heap leach" mining, the method has become popular in the last decade because it enables microscopic bits of gold to be economically extracted from low-grade ore.
This is only the fourth time that the Security Council has imposed sanctions, the earlier cases being against Rhodesia, South Africa and, most recently, Iraq.
The extension of the effective period of marketing exclusivity for drugs is designed to give pharmaceutical companies a fair return.
Cancer Research Campaign signed a deal with a US pharmaceuticals company to develop a pioneering cancer treatment.
Fishermen using the poison sodium cyanide have helped to destroy an estimated 70% of the reefs.
Companies are working to reduce the interval between drug discovery and marketing.
The relocation has enabled the company to eliminate the use of cyanide and chrome in its plating work replacing it with a soaplike solution.
Japanese drug makers are now trying to build comprehensive independent operations in research and development, production and marketing.
If toxic waste containg cyanide is not disposed of properly, it may drain into ponds, streams, sewers, and reservoirs.
A total of 79 per cent of people questioned in a survey agreed that adults suffering incurable illness should receive 'medical help to a peaceful death'.
Michaela Roeder, 31, was found guilty of six counts of manslaughter and mercy killing.
A doctor from Michigan helped an Oregon woman with Alzheimer's disease commit suicide.
A plating company that dumped thousands of gallons of cyanide-laced waste water into the Los Angeles sewer system pleaded guilty.
Waste in the ponds produced by leaching gold from ore is a source of potential environmental dangers.
Janet Elaine Adkins, 54, used a controversial machine to commit suicide in Michigan.
A brain-dead teenager was removed from life-support equipment after giving birth to a premature daughter.
More than 6,400 migratory birds and other animals were killed in Nevada by drinking water in the cyanide-laced ponds produced by gold mining operations.
The Supreme Court said today states may bar the removal of life-sustaining treatment from comatose patients who have not made or cannot make their desires known.
An Alzheimer's patient travelled 2,000 miles to commit suicide with the help of a doctor who built a device that gave her a lethal dose of chemicals.
State police investigators testified at a preliminary hearing that Delbert told them the death of the 64-year-old Billy was a mercy killing.
In one case five workers at a plating company were asphyxiated by hydrogen cyanide while trying to clean a sludge tank.
Cyanide is also used by Muru-ami fishermen in the Philippines to drive fish from the coral reefs.
NUCOR, the leading US steel mini-mill group is to greatly expand production capacity at a plant in Crawfordsville, Indiana which has shaken up the industry by its use of a radical, new technology.
At the very outskirts of commerce, Baka pygmies in southeastern Cameroon use a cyanide compound to stun bees while raiding their nests for honey.
THE presidents of Honduras and El Salvador were set yesterday to begin two days of talks in San Salvador, amid continuing tension in border areas.
Two British destroyers struck Albanian-laid mines while exercising their rights passing through the Corfu Channel.
The west has preferred to focus on endangered animals, rather than endangered humans, African elephants are hunted down and stripped of tusks and hidden by poachers, Their numbers in Africa slumped from 1,2m to 600,000 in a decade until CITES - the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species - banned the trade in ivory.
Libya's case against Britain and the US concerns the dispute over their demand for extradition of Libyans charged with blowing up a Pan Am jet over Lockerbie in 1988.
For US pharmaceutical companies, the impending healthcare reforms promise an era of increased cost-containment and pricing controls.
Tourists pay millions of dollars a year to come and see Africa 's wildlife and smugglers pay millions more in strictly illegal purchases of ivory and rhino horn from poachers.
The owners of Phinda, the South African-based Conservation Corporation, could not have paid for a better advertisement for their philosophy of wildlife conservation: a people-based approach to conservation, which is slowly gaining ground in Africa as game reserves come under ever greater threat from hungry, poor and angry local populations.
Drug development is an enormously complex and expensive process.
Clinical trials involve 240 patients in 10 centres with each patient questioned three times.
Conservationists fear that one of Namibia's most precious resources, its abundant wildlife and especially its threatened black rhinoceros, faces a major menace from poaching.
'Seeing that the decision to exploit oil in block 16 has been taken, we are now working to make the project as environmentally sustainable as possible,' says Danila Silva of EcoCiencia, an environmental research group.
Since 1987, however, Brazil has taken steps to dramatically reduce the destruction, including stepped-up enforcement and the elimination of tax incentives that led to large-scale land clearing.
The chaotic development that is gobbling up the Amazon rain forest could finally be reined in with a new plan developed by officials of Amazon countries and leading scientists from around the world.
Leakey believed Kenya's rich wildlife, which underpins a tourist industry worth Dollars 450m (Pounds 308m) a year, could be managed in a profitable and sustainable manner.
The law once required settlers to clear 80% of their land in two years to win ownership.
David Marshall, responsible for customer training at ABB Robotics in Milton Keynes, fervently hopes that the food, drinks and confectionery industry will become the next big market for robots.
Mike Wilson, marketing manager at Fanuc Robotics in Coventry, says of the improvements in robot performance: 'Our new ARC Mate welding robot, for example, is 30 per cent cheaper in real terms than a similar model three years ago.
Despite this, even the most enthusiastic surgeons say it is likely to be several years before they would consider leaving a robot to operate on its own.
Strong competition in industries such as shipping has resulted in waves of investment in labour saving technology such as steel and aluminium cutting tools, processing machine and welding robots.
Picture a Janis Joplin robot sitting on a park bench talking about the Summer of Love, singing "Me and Bobby McGee" and introducing a David Bowie robot.
Contrary to what is happening in some other parts of the Amazon, where the forest is being slashed and burned at an alarming rate, those who want to save Acre's forest seem to be winning.
As Fiat shows off its robot-controlled inventory stacks in glossy advertisements and IBM switches off the lights in its automated warehouse in Greenock, it is clear that this Cinderella operation has a new set of high-tech glad rags.
The motor industry accounts for as much as 40 per cent of the 450,000 installed industrial robots worldwide but their use is changing and applications are expanding.
Now GMFanuc Robotics has perfected a robotic solution that is three times faster than manual spraying, can reproduce a spray pattern to an accuracy of 0,03 inch, and can be programmed easily to handle a wide range of garments.
Bush withheld judgment Monday on rival calls to beef up or scale down U,S, troops in Iraq, and said angry protests in Indonesia against his Mideast policy were a healthy sign of democracy in the heavily Muslim nation.
The International Atomic Energy Agency report detailing the discovery also faulted Tehran for not cooperating with the U,N, watchdog's attempts to investigate other suspicious aspects of Iran s nuclear program.
Iranian nuclear officials say 54,000 centrifuges would produce enough enriched uranium to fuel a 1,000-megawatt reactor, such as the one being built by Russia that is near completion at the southern city of Bushehr.
The Arak plant, along with the discovery of a secret Iranian enrichment program in 2003, Tehran's refusal to cease uranium enrichment and findings by IAEA inspectors have increased suspicions about Iran s program.
Mice given a substance found in red wine lived longer despite a fatty diet, a study shows.
The IAEA board in February referred Iran to the Security Council, suggesting it had breached the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty and might be trying to make nuclear weapons.
Mr Lopez Obrador has alleged electoral fraud cost him the presidency, despite a recount confirming Felipe Calderon as Mexico's president-elect.
Mr Lopez Obrador, who lost July's presidential election by less than one percentage point, declared himself Mexico's "legitimate" president.
Mr Lopez Obrador was "sworn in" by Senator Rosario Ibarra, a human rights activist and member of his party, who placed a red, green and white presidential sash across his shoulders.
Mr Carstens left his job as IMF's deputy managing director last month to work with Mr Calderon, and will now lead efforts to push through market reforms and create more jobs.
Trade between China and India is expected to touch $20 bn this year and Chinese investors are now rushing into India - lured by the country's growing wealth.
Management at Huawei also feels that issues over security are hampering its progress - largely stemming from allegations, in 2001, that it was accused of working for Pakistan and the then Taleban government in Afghanistan.
But Huawei says that expansion has not been easy - obtaining visas for its Chinese engineers to work on long-term projects in India being a particular challenge.
Thousands of troops are being deployed to secure the city of Bogor, where Bush is to hold talks with his Indonesian counterpart, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
In an interview this week, the president said that Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld will be a valued part of his administration until his presidency comes to an end.
Al-Qaida-linked militants have carried out a series of suicide bombings targeting Western interests in Indonesia since 2002.
BEIRUT, Nov, 21 (Xinhua) -- Lebanese Industry Minister and Christian leader Pierre Gemayel was shot dead on a street in the suburb of Beirut on Tuesday, al-Jazeera TV channel quoted the Lebanese Interior Ministry as saying.
Gemayel's assassination is almost certain to deepen the political crisis in Lebanon, which started after the resignation of six pro-Syrian ministers, two from Hezbollah, hours after all-party round table talks collapsed.
The crisis took a sharp turn for the worse after the cabinet, without the Syrian-backed ministers, approved the UN draft document for creation of an international tribunal in the case of ex-Premier Rafik Hariri's killing.
Former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, also a prominent anti-Syria political figure, was killed in a suicide bombing in February last year, which led to rising anti-Syrian waves and the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Dell Inc, plans to announce preliminary quarterly results after the market closes Tuesday, after last week delaying their release due to accounting complexities related to a regulatory probe.
The Democrats' success in the 2006 elections means changes at the top in the House and Senate.
San Francisco (Reuters) -- Wal-Mart Stores Inc, said Tuesday that a Massachusetts judge had granted its motion to decertify a class action lawsuit accusing the world's largest retailer of denying employees breaks.
Aboard Air Force One, Nov, 22, 2006 President Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki will meet next week in Jordan to discuss the deteriorating security situation in Iraq.
Fourteen guests and five crew remained ill and in isolation when the ship arrived at Port Everglades, Fla,, according to a statement from Carnival Cruise Lines, a brand of Carnival Corp.
Preliminary tests identified the source of the outbreak as the highly contagious norovirus, which had struck several guests just before they boarded the cruise Nov, 3 in Rome, Carnival officials said.
A Pentagon committee and the congressionally chartered Iraq Study Group have been preparing reports for Bush, and Iran has asked the presidents of Iraq and Syria to meet in Tehran.
Hadley said Jordan was chosen as the site of the meeting between Bush and al-Maliki because of its support for the unity government in Iraq and the fact that Bush would be in the region.
"They brought us 7-Up, bottled water, ice and a diet of rice, though you didn't feel like eating," said Jim Lankes, 48, of Phoenix.
A team from the U,S, Centers for Disease Control boarded the ship when it docked in St, Maarten to oversee the cleaning operation and try to determine what caused the outbreak, Carnival said.
The pills were sold under store brands by Wal-Mart, CVS, Safeway and more than 120 other major retailers, the Food and Drug Administration said.
The contaminated pills included metal fragments ranging in size from "microdots" to portions of wire one-third of an inch long, the FDA said.
Consumers who take any of the contaminated pills could suffer minor stomach discomfort or possible cuts to the mouth and throat, the FDA said, adding that the risk of serious injury was remote.
The drug, along with aspirin and ibuprofen, is one of the most widely used pain relievers available without a doctor's note.
CVS will stop selling its own brand of 500-milligram acetaminophen caplets and pull bottles from store shelves nation wide, spokesman Mike DeAngelis said.
A company investigation turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector, according to the FDA.
The voluntary recall is considered a Class II recall since it covers products that might cause a temporary health problem or pose only a slight threat of a serious nature, the FDA said.
Acetaminophen is best known as the drug in products sold under the Tylenol brand, but is widely available in typically less expensive generic versions.
PST Chittagong, Bangladesh-- Muhammad Yunus, Bangladesh's "Banker to the Poor" who provides loans to help millions of people fight poverty by starting businesses, has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
Kevin Vincent, 44, of Arlington, Va,, said his wife buys store brand acetaminophen and he wanted to find out more about the problem.
The Nobel shines a spotlight on a form of "social capitalism" that has gained currency in recent years, propelled by high-profile supporters like former President Bill Clinton, rock star Bono and Microsoft founder Bill Gates.
Molly Walsh, 21, a George Washington University student shopping at a CVS pharmacy in Washington, D,C,, said she didn't plan to toss any of the store-brand drugs at home that she'd bought to save money, Nor did she plan to stop buying the generic products.
"I've always said he's the closest I will ever come to meeting Gandhi, he's simply unmoved by any obstacle or any argument," said Bill Clapp, an heir to the Weyerhaeuser fortune and founder of Global Partnerships, a Seattle microfinance group that has partnered with Grameen in Central America.
The FDA would not say in which states the pills had been sold, but instead recommended that customers determine whether products they bought are being recalled by checking the store list on the FDA Web site, and the batch list, The batch numbers appear on the container's label.
He tried to persuade a local banker to loan more money to the villagers, but the banker refused, insisting they didn't qualify for credit, So, Yunus started his own bank to help the poorest of the poor lift themselves up.
Most of Grameen Bank's borrowers use the small loans to start businesses by, for instance, buying a cow to produce milk, or a rickshaw, or materials to make cloth or pottery.
In 2003, Yunus brought the microcredit revolution to the streets of Bangladesh to support more than 50,000 beggars, whom the Grameen Bank respectfully calls Struggling Members.
The Nobel committee said in a statement that "lasting peace cannot be achieved unless large population groups find ways in which to break out of poverty,".
While the House has been extremely active in passing bills addressing the key priorities of entrepreneurs, most of the legislation has hit a brick wall over in the Senate.
In August, Gates' foundation gave Yunus' Grameen Foundation 1,5 million for a program to extend its microfinance programs to 5 million more of the world's poorest families, Three years ago, tech entrepreneur Craig McCaw provided 2 million to start up the Grameen Technology Center, which is using microcredit to finance cheap mobile service for people in Uganda and Rwanda.
As a late September report by the Democrats points out, Republicans have done a poor job at getting their own small business bills through Congress even though they control both Houses and the White House.
Yunus, who was nominated for the peace prize at least twice before, is the first person from Bangladesh, a country of 147 million, to win a Nobel Prize, His Nobel Prize is a rare bright light in a country struggling to defeat Islamic terrorists, and which is chronically inundated by floods and battered by storms that blow in from the Bay of Bengal, The country, formerly known as East Pakistan, is bordered by the Bay of Bengal, India and Burma.
The Hercules transporter plane which flew straight here from the first round of the trip in Pakistan, touched down and it was just a brisk 100m stroll to the handshakes.
The trip was about doing what he hasn't done for what many troops feel has been too long - visiting the thousands of servicemen and women fighting a war in southern Afghanistan.
Begum, who had to borrow to buy bamboo to make stools, received 25 cents a day from moneylenders, After giving them stools to pay off her debt, she was left with 2 cents a day, barely enough to feed herself.
New Zealand's Qualifications Authority said Friday that it still strongly discourages students from using anything other than full English, but that credit will be given if the answer "clearly shows the required understanding," even if it contains text-speak.
Critics said the National Certificate of Educational Achievement or NCEA, the main qualification for high school students, would be degraded by the authority allowing text speak use in exams.
A U,S, soldier accused of participating in the rape of an Iraqi girl and then killing her and her family was sentenced to 90 years in jail on Thursday, media reports said.
The soldier, James Barker, one of four American soldiers accused of raping the Iraqi girl and killing her family in the March 2006 incident, pleaded guilty on Wednesday to rape and murder in Fort Campbell, Kentucky.
Three nurses in one of Vienna's oldest hospitals have been arrested on suspicion of killing 35 patients.
The BBC's Americas editor Will Grant says many Mexicans are tired of conflict and long for a return to normality.
Although he has enough of a support base to be able to create a mass civil disobedience movement, some analysts think that his campaign will be, at best, a thorn in Mr Calderon's side.
Of course, most of the tax cuts expire in 2010; only three years from when Rangel would take over as chair if Democrats win.
Democrat members of the Ways and Means Committee, where tax bills are written and advanced, do not have strong small business voting records.
Maximo Rene Mendez in an apparent smuggling scheme died after doctors disconnected life-support equipment.
Forty-five percent of the bills examined were bipartisan, and 85 percent of the reviewed bills had Republican lead sponsors, 8221; Small business owners are disappointed by the Republican track record, particularly the lack of productivity in the Senate.
Attack helicopters, Chinooks, armoured vehicles, cranes and a fire engine encircled the group.
The Supreme Court said today states may bar the removal of life-sustaining treatment from comatose patients who have not made or cannot make their desires known.
"The word in the galley food queues is that we could do with more men, and the kit does keep wearing out, but that's due to the conditions here," said Corporal Martin Page.
The fatal shooting of Steven Charles Jenkins, a terminally ill AIDS patient, by his friend Philip Lee Saylor at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center has again focused attention on the problems of death and dying in our society.
The steel division of Broken Hill Proprietary, the Australian resources group, and North Star steel, part of the privately-owned Cargill group in the US, are joining forces to build and operate a new steel mini-mill in the US Midwest.
Confident that those grading papers would understand answers written in text-speak, Haque stressed that in some exams, including English, text abbreviations would be penalized.
Iscor, the South African iron and steel manufacturer, has announced plans to develop a steel mini-mill at Saldanha Bay on the country's west coast in partnership with the state-run industrial development Corporation.
Critics said the National Certificate of Educational Achievement or NCEA, the main qualification for high school students, would be degraded by the authority allowing text-speak use in exams.
Two other marines, Tyler Jackson and John Jodka III, have already pleaded guilty to aggravated assault and conspiracy to obstruct justice and were sentenced to 21 months and 18 months, respectively.
US Steel could even have a technical advantage over Nucor since one new method of steel making it is considering, thin strip casting, may produce higher quality steel than the Nucor thin slab technique.
